 010 is the tenth album from Japanese Punk Techno band The Mad Capsule Markets .
 This album proved to be more commercial and more techno-based than Osc-Dis , with heavily synthesized songs like Introduction 010 and Come .
 Founding member Kojima Minoru played guitar on Good Day , and Wardanceis cover of a song by UK post punk industrial band Killing Joke .
 XXX can of This had a different meaning , and most people did n't understand what the song was about .
 it was later explained that the song was about Cannabis ( ' can of this ' sounding like Cannabis when said faster ) it is uncertain if they were told to change the lyric like they did on P.O.P and HUMANITY .
 UK Edition came with the OSC-DIS video , and most of the tracks were re-engineered .
 The 139th was formed at Camp Howe , near Pittsburgh , on September 1 , 1862 .
 Frederick H. Collier was the first colonel .
 After burying the dead on the field of Second Battle of Bull Run , the regiment was attached to Howe 's Brigade of Couch 's Division of the IV Corps of the Army of the Potomac where it replaced De Trobriand 's 55th New York , Gardes Lafayette regiment on September 11 , 1862 .
 The composition of this brigade remained unchanged from this point until the war 's end and included the 62d NY , 93d PVI , 98th PVI and the 102d PVI .
 During this time Couch 's Division was detached from the Army and was occupied with guarding the fords on the Potomac .
 The 139th along with its brigade and division spent the next week marching from Poolesville to Sandy Hook , Maryland from where on September 17 , 1862 , it was forced marched to the Battle of Antietam where it was placed in line of battle but did not see any significant combat .
 The next day , the regiment pursued the Confederate army and fought in a skirmish at Williamsport .
 The 139th was transferred in October 1862 to the VI Corps .
 In the Battle of Fredericksburg , it suffered minor casualties from artillery fire , but did n't get a chance to fight .
 Five months later , however , it did participate in the 2nd Battle of Fredericksburg .
 At the Battle of Gettysburg in July , it helped defend the left flank of the Union army .
 Throughout the spring and into early summer of 1864 , the 139th fought in Grant 's Overland Campaign and the early stages of the Siege of Petersburg .
 In July , it was transferred to Washington , D.C. with the rest of the VI Corps to defeat Lt. Gen. Jubal Early 's attack on the city .
 Then they fought under Philip Sheridan in the Valley to ensure that no more Confederate armies would invade again .
 ( See the article on the campaign ) .
 By December 1864 , they were back in the siege lines of Petersburg .
 The 139th supported Sheridan in the Appomattox Campaign and fought in the Battle of Sayler 's Creek .
 After the surrender at Appomattox Courthouse , it was ordered to the North Carolina border to support William T. Sherman , but the Confederate surrender there made further support unnecessary .
 The regiment was mustered out June 21 , 1865 .
 The 1896 Atlantic City rail crash occurred shortly after 6:30 pm on July 30 , 1896 at a crossing just west of Atlantic City , New Jersey , crushing five loaded passenger coaches , killing 50 and seriously injuring approximately 60 .
 A train consisting of seven cars left Atlantic City over the West Jersey Railroad bearing a special excursion of Red Men and their friends from Bridgeton and Salem , New Jersey , and had reached the crossing of the Reading Railroad when it was struck by the 5:40 down express train from Philadelphia .
 Two cars were demolished and the two following cars were telescoped .
 The engine of the Reading train was wrecked , the engineer killed , and the fireman fatally injured .
 The car behind it was thrown from the track and many of its occupants were killed or injured .
 In 1896 , leaving Atlantic City , the tracks of the West Jersey Road ran parallel to those of the Camden and Atlantic until they crossed the drawbridge , when they switched off to the south , crossing the Reading Road at an oblique angle .
 John Greiner , the engineer of the West Jersey train , saw the Reading train approaching the crossing at a swift speed , but as the signals were open for him to proceed on his way , he continued .
 His engine had barely cleared the crossing when the locomotive of the Reading train , which left Philadelphia at 5:40 pm , struck the first car full in the centre , throwing it far off the track in a nearby ditch , and completely submerging it .
 The second car of the West Jersey train was also carried into the ditch , the third and fourth cars being telescoped .
 The engine of the Reading train was thrown to the other side of the track , carrying with it the first coach .
 A few minutes after the collision , the boiler of the Reading locomotive exploded , scalding several to death and casting boiling spray over many of the injured passengers .
 As soon as the news reached Atlantic City it spread rapidly , and thousands of people flocked to the scene .
 The road leading to the collision was a constant scene of hackney carriages , omnibuses , bicycles , and all kinds of vehicles , while thousands of pedestrians hurried along the path to render what assistance they could or to satisfy their curiosity .
 Darkness fell quickly , and the work of rescuing the injured and recovering the bodies of the dead was carried out under the glare of huge bonfires .
 As onlookers watched through the night , the mangled and burned bodies of the dead were carried from the wreckage which trapped them and laid side by side on the gravel bank near the track , with no other covering than the few newspapers gathered from the passengers .
 The wounded were quickly gathered together and carried by train and wagon to the Atlantic City Hospital , where six of them died shortly after their arrival .
 Two others died within a day , with 42 having been killed at the collision scene .
 The old Excursion House at the foot of Mississippi Avenue was converted into a morgue , and the dead were taken there .
 During the first night after the crash , the streets in the vicinity of the Excursion House and the City Hospital , as well as the road leading to the scene of the accident , were packed with people anxious to learn the latest news .
 The Bridgeton and Salem excursionists who escaped injury were brought back to Atlantic City and sent home on a special train several hours later in the evening .
 James W. Hoyt , Secretary of the New Jersey Department of Public Safety , immediately upon learning of the extent of the accident , telegraphed for the Philadelphia Medical Emergency Corps , fifteen of whom responded , and hurried to Atlantic City on a special train which left Philadelphia at 10:45 pm .
 These surgeons materially aided Atlantic City 's volunteer corps , which was composed of almost every physician then living in the city .
 Many of the injured were taken to hotels , as the city hospitals soon became overcrowded .
 About thirty of the wounded had their injuries dressed and were able to proceed on their way .
 The wife of Edward Farr , the Reading engineer who died while on the job , and was found with one hand on the throttle and the other on the brake , when informed of the accident and of her husband 's death , was unable to withstand the shock , and fell to the floor dead .
 County Coroner William McLaughlin , immediately upon hearing of the accident , went to the scene .
 He went directly into the block tower and questioned operator George F. Hauser. Houser told him that he thought the excursion train had time to cross the tracks of the Reading before the express got there and he set the " clear " signal for the West Jersey train .
 ( The signalling system worked as follows : the interlocking block system was used .
 There were three poles with semaphores controlled by the tower on the reading tracks and two on the West Jersey .
 The pole furthest from the tower on the Reading tracks was distant about 2,000 yards .
 The other two were much closer .
 When the operator set the " clear " signal on the Pennsylvania track , this would automatically set the " danger " signal on the Reading track , and vice versa . )
 Before Hauser could make a further explanation to the coroner he received an order from the railroad officials to say nothing .
 He obeyed , and made no further explanation .
 Pending an investigation , Hauser was put under arrest by the coroner , but was released on $500 bond .
 A jury was impanelled the following day .
 Testimony on August 4 appeared to implicate the dead Reading Railroad express engineer , Edward Farr .
 His action in running at a speed of forty-five miles an hour past a danger signal seemed inexplicable to those present at the inquest .
 His reputation was that of an experienced engineer and a man of exceptionally high moral character , and not of a reckless or careless disposition .
 Only two weeks previous to the accident his train was signalled to stop at that very crossing , and he promptly brought his train under control .
 The coroner 's jury returned verdicts on August 7 .
 Six jurors merely stated the manner of the passengers ' deaths .
 Three found that " Engineer Edward D .
 Farr of the Atlantic City Railroad failed for have his engine under proper control on approaching [ the ] crossing , and that Tower Man George F. Hauser , in giving the excursion train of the West Jersey Railroad the right of way over a fast express used bad judgment. .. [ and ] that Engineer John Greiner of said excursion train erred in not exercising greater care on crossing ahead of said fast express . "
 Three others found that " the cause of the collision was the failure of Edward Farr , engineer of Train No. 23 , to give heed in time to the semaphore signals and crossing under the rules. .. the tower man , George F. Hauser , may have used poor judgment in his estimate of the distance away of the Atlantic City Railroad train when he gave the white boards to the West Jersey and Seashore Excursion Train No . 700 . "
 The 2007 Bowling Green Falcons football team represented Bowling Green State University in the 2007 NCAA football season .
 The team was coached by Gregg Brandon and played their home games in Doyt Perry Stadium in Bowling Green , Ohio .
 It was the 89th season of play for the Falcons .
 Bowling Green finished the season 8-5 overall and has finished 4-2 in the MAC East .
 They participated in the GMAC Bowl , losing to Tulsa 63-7 .
 Bowling Green was picked to finish fifth in the MAC East Division by the MAC News Media Association .
 Three Falcons , Senior Kory Lichtensteiger and Juniors Erique Dozier and Corey Partridge , garnered preseason honors by being named to All-MAC preseason teams .
 The 2007 Bowling Green Falcons football team consists of 95 total players .
 The class breakdown of these players is 12 seniors , 21 juniors , 30 sophomores , 12 redshirt freshman , and 18 true freshman .
 Returning starters from the 2006 team are six offensive starters and eight defensive starters .
 Overall , 53 lettermen are returning from the 2006 team ( 25 on offense , 28 on defense and 0 on special teams ) .
 As the 2007 college football season neared the end , many organizations began to announce finalists and winners of various post-season awards .
 Kory Lichtensteiger was named a finalist for the Rimington Trophy , given to the nation 's best center .
 He was one of 6 athletes recognized .
 Bowling Green also had eight players make the All-Conference Teams ( the fourth most of any school in the MAC ) .
 30 Seconds to Mars ( or Thirty Seconds to Mars ) is an alternative rock band from Los Angeles , California , featuring Jared Leto , Shannon Leto , Tomo Milicevic .
 Created in 1998 by Jared Leto and his brother , Shannon , 30 Seconds to Mars began as a small family project .
 Things began to speed up quickly , and Matt Wachter later joined the band as bassist and keyboard player .
 After working with small revolving door of guitarists ( as the band 's first two guitarists , Kevin Drake and Solon Bixler , left the band due to issues primarily related to touring ) , the three auditioned Tomo Miličević to round out the band 's roster .
 According to an interview from Virgin Records , the band 's name
 30 Seconds to Mars ' first , self-titled album , produced by Bob Ezrin , was released in 2002 to mixed reviews and achieved sales of just over 100,000 .
 Their sophomore album , A Beautiful Lie , was released on August 30 , 2005 .
 For this effort , the band traveled ( during the course of three years ) to four continents , to perfect their sound and also to allow for Jared 's film career .
 The album was produced by Josh Abraham , whose producing credits also include Orgy , Velvet Revolver , and Linkin Park .
 Because A Beautiful Lie was leaked five months before its release , the band decided to include two bonus tracks : " Battle of One " ( an original song that was also set to be the album 's title track when it was first announced ) and " Hunter " ( a cover of the Björkband song ) .
 To further promote the album , the band also enclosed " golden tickets " in 12 copies , which granted their owners access to any 30 Seconds to Mars concert free of charge , along with backstage access .
 On August 31 , 2006 , the band won the MTV2 Award for " The Kill " at the MTV Video Music Awards , one of their two nominations .
 The second nomination was for Best Rock Video ; however , they lost to AFI 's " Miss Murder " .
 In the video members of the band reenact scenes from The Shining .
 A Beautiful Lie was certified platinum by the RIAA in January for distribution of over 1,000,000 albums .
 In October , the band began their " Welcome to the Universe " tour , sponsored by MTV2 .
 They were supported on this tour by Head Automatica , The Receiving End of Sirens , Cobra Starship , and several other bands including Street Drum Corps .
 The tour was " environmentally sound " according to a 2006 interview with then-bassist Matt Wachter .
 " Jared and Shannon put together this thing called Environmentor which is illustrating ways --- alternatives --- to kind of clean up some of the mess we leave behind .
 We fueled the bus with vegetable oil , " he explains .
 On November 20 , MTV2 premiered the video for " From Yesterday " ; the video is the first American rock video ever shot in its entirety in the People 's Republic of China .
 The music video is loosely based on the film The Last Emperor .
 On April 29 , 2007 , the band performed at the Australian MTV Australia Video Music Awards , where they were nominated for three awards , winning " Best Rock Video " and " Video of the Year " for " The Kill " .
 As of Spring 2007 , the band is supporting The Used as a part of the " Taste of Chaos " tour and have scheduled a string of dates in Europe supporting Linkin Park .
 They are also scheduled to play Roskilde , Rock am Ring , Pinkpop , Give It A Name Festival and Download .
 Following other commitments , they will begin working on their third album .
 Following the release of " From Yesterday " as a single , the band posted a link on their MySpace blog to vote for the next single from A Beautiful Lie .
 The choices available were " A Beautiful Lie " , " The Fantasy " , " Savior " , and " The Story " .
 Another vote was done later between the top two songs , " A Beautiful Lie " and " The Fantasy " .
 On May 2 , 2007 , the band announced that " A Beautiful Lie " had won and would be the next single .
 On August 8th , 2007 , Kerrang ! announced that 30 Seconds to Mars has been nominated for two categories of the Kerrang !
 Awards 2007 - Best International Newcomer and Best Single - The Kill .
 On August 24th , they had only won the award for ' Best Single , ' which was The Kill .
 The other award was lost to Madina Lake .
 On November 1 , 2007 , the band won the MTV Europe Music Award for " Rock Out " , one of the two catorgories they were nominated in .
 On December 21st , 2007 , 30 Seconds to Mars won Fuse 's Best of 2007 Award .
 They beat out Korn and had amassed over 7 million votes .
 31 other bands and artists such as Justin Timberlake , Gwen Stefani , Linkin Park and Avenged Sevenfold were also included in the contest .
 The band 's phoenix logo ( which the band named " Mithra " ) bears the phrase " Provehito in Altum " , the band 's motto .
 Roughly translated from Latin , this means " Launch forth into the deep " ; but a more stylized version would be " Rocket in ( to ) High ( ness ) " .
 The logo was primarily used for promotion of the band 's debut , whereas for A Beautiful Lie , the new Trinity logo was created consisting of three skulls , along with the band 's name and motto .
 The Echelon is a publicity street team for the band 30 Seconds to Mars , which helps in bringing friends to the shows , phoning local radio stations to request the band 's songs , putting up posters , posting to band forums or related bulletin boards online , and maintaining magazines or websites dedicated to the band .
 It is also the name of one of their songs in the album 30 Seconds to Mars .
 The band made acoustic versions of songs from their second album A Beautiful Lie .
 Some of the acoustics have been included in some versions of the album , e.g. Was it a Dream ? ( Acoustic ) .
 In addition to the tracks on their two full-length releases thus far , the band has also recorded a few other tracks .
 Among these tracks are " Phase 1 : Fortification " and " Valhalla " , the latter of which was present on an early demo .
 " Phase 1 : Fortification " was released on an overseas single for " Capricorn ( A Brand New Name ) " .
 Another track featured on certain imported 30 Seconds to Mars titles is " Anarchy in Tokyo " , a song that was recorded during the process of their self-titled debut .
 " Revolution " was also recorded for the self-titled album , but was n't included because it did n't fit the theme of the album , and because of fear that listeners would take the lyrics too literally , especially after the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
 " Occam 's Razor " was also recorded , but was never included on any of the band 's releases .
 As a result , it is considered the most difficult to locate of the five unreleased tracks .
 Demo versions of songs on the band 's self-titled debut were also slightly different , along with different names .
 For example , " Fallen " was previously called " Jupiter " , and " Year Zero " was previously called " Hero " .
 Also made available are the demo versions of " Buddha for Mary " and " 93 Million Miles " ; the latter originally had lyrics referring to the band Deadsy , whose members Dr. Nner and P. Exeter Blue I provided extra instrumentation on several tracks , but the lyrics were changed after the two bands were involved in a small feud .
 During recent live shows , the band has premiered two new songs , one of which may end up on the new album : " Some Other Son " and " The Believer " , which were initially written for the self-titled album but was scrapped during recording , as well as live songs such as " Sisters of Heresy " and " Under Pressure / Pressure " ( Name of song unsure , name based on lyrics ) .
 They also have a song called " Time to Wake Up . "
 On December 11 , 2006 , the band sent their fans a " stocking stuffer " in the form of a holiday song called " Santa Through the Back Door " .
 In September 2007 , the band also recorded a cover of Kanye West 's " Stronger " for BBC Radio 1 's Live Lounge .
 The 38th NAACP Image Awards honored the best in film , television and music for 2006 .
 The show was televised live on March 2 , 2007 on FOX at 8 p.m. EST at the Shrine Auditorium in Hollywood , California .
 The show was hosted by LL Cool J .
 The nominees were announced on January 7 , 2007 , at a press conference in at the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills , California .
 The winners and nominees are shown below .
 The winners are indicated in bold .
 The following recipients received distinguished awards by the NAACP for their contributions to arts , civil rights , news , and humanitarian efforts .
 The 65th wing and its subordinate units transferred to England in June 1943 and began flying combat missions .
 Subordinate units escorted bombers , flew counter air patrols , and dive bombing missions .
 They attacked airdromes , marshalling yards , missile sites , industrial areas , ordnance depots , oil refineries , trains , and highways .
 During " Big Week " ( February 1944 ) , the 65th participated in the assaults against the German Air Force and the German aircraft industry .
 Its units supported the Allied invasion of Normandy ( June 1944 ) ; the Allied ground troops during the Battle of the Bulge ( December 1944 through January 1945 ) ; the Allied airborne attack on Holland ( Operation Market Garden , September 1944 ) ; the defense of the Remagen bridgehead against German air attacks ( March 1945 ) ; and the airborne attack across the Rhine ( March 1945 ) .
 As an Air Division , it carried out air defense operations in Iceland from 1952 to 1954 .
 Activated three years later it transferred to Spain , where it cooperated with Spanish Air Force units in the Air Defense Direction Centers ( ADDCs ) .
 The 65th Air Division directed base construction , and the establishment of off base housing and radar sites .
 Its fighter squadrons flew air defense interceptions over Spanish airspace .
 The 65th also controlled the operations of attached tactical fighter squadrons deployed to Spain for temporary duty .
 Assigned or attached units of the division participated in numerous exercises with the Spanish Air Defense Command , and in some instances , with the U.S. Sixth Fleet .
 In June 1985 , the 65th assumed responsibility for integrating USAFE 's electronic combat systems to maximize overall warfighting potential .
 Established as 4 Air Defense Wing on 25 March 1943 .
 Activated on 27 March 1943 .
 Redesignated 65 Fighter Wing on 24 July 1943 .
 Inactivated on 21 November 1945 .
 Redesignated 65 Air Division ( Defense ) on 17 April 1952 .
 Organized on 24 April 1952 .
 Discontinued on 8 March 1954 .
 Activated on 8 April 1957 .
 Discontinued , and inactivated , on 1 January 1965 .
 Redesignated 65 Air Division and activated on 1 June 1985 .
 Inactivated on 30 June 1991 .
 none
 none
 Per bend azure and gules , issuant from base in pale a closed helmet in profile supporting an antenna argent emitting two lightning flashes bendwise , one to dexter chief , one to sinister base and one bend sinisterwise to chief or , in chief an eight pointed mullet of the third and all within a diminished bordure of the fourth .
 ( Approved 1 August 1961 ) .
 Fourth Air Force , 27 March 1943 ; Army Service Forces , 6 May 1943 ; Eighth Air Force , 2 June 1943 ; VIII Fighter Command , 4 June 1943 ; 2 Bombardment ( later , 2 Air ) Division , 15 September 1944 ; 3 Air Division , 1 June 1945 -- 21 November 1945 .
 Iceland Air Defense Force , 24 April 1952 -- 8 March 1954 .
 Sixteenth Air Force , 8 April 1957 ; United States Air Forces in Europe , 1 July 1960 -- 1 January 1965 .
 Seventeenth Air Force , 1 June 1985 -- 30 June 1991 .
 Hamilton Field , California , 27 March 1943 -- 6 May 1943 ; Debden , England , 4 June 1943 ; Saffron Walden , England , c.17 June 1943 ; Elvedon Hall , England , c.1 September 1945 ; Trosten , England , c.25 October 1945 -- 21 November 1945 .
 Keflaví International Airport , Iceland , 24 April 1952 -- 8 March 1954 .
 Madrid , Spain , 8 April 1957 ; Torrejon Air Base , Spain , 1 October 1957 -- 1 January 1965 .
 Sembach Air Base , Germany , 1 June 1985 ; Lindsey Air Station , Germany , 1 October 1987 -- 30 June 1991 .
 P-38 Lightning , 1944 ; P-47 Thunderbolt , 1943 -- 1945 ; P-51 Mustang , 1944 -- 1945 .
 F-94 Starfire , 1952 -- 1954 ; F-86 Sabre , 1953 -- 1954 .
 F-86 Sabre , 1957-1960 ; F-100 Super Sabre , 1958 -- 1961 ; F-104 Starfighter , 1959 -- 1964 ; F-102 Delta Dagger , 1960 -- 1964 ; F-105 Thunderchief , 1963 -- 1964 .
 CH-53 Sea Stallion , 1985 -- 1987 ; EF-111 Raven , 1985 -- 1991 ; F-4 Phantom II , 1985 -- 1987 ; EC-130 Commando Solo , 1987 -- 1991 ; F-16 Fighting Falcon , 1987 -- 1991 .
 Unknown , 27 March 1943 ; Colonel Jesse Auton , 10 April 1943 ; Brigadier General Ross G. Hoyt , 4 June 1943 ; Brigadier General Jesse Auton , 6 September 1943 ; Colonel William L .
 Curry , 29 July 1945 -- unkn .
 1st Lieutenant John J. Brody , 24 April 1952 ; Colonel Meredith H. Shade , 10 October 1952 ; Colonel Emmett S .
 Davis , 5 September 1953 -- unkn .
 Captain Newell H. Beaty , 8 April 1957 ; Colonel Clay Tice Jr. , 15 May 1957 ; Brigadier General Andrew J. Evans Jr. , 1 July 1960 ; Colonel Thomas L .
 Hayes , 25 September 1963 -- 1 January 1965 .
 Unknown , 1 June 1985 -- 14 July 1985 ; Major General John C. Scheidt Jr. , 15 July 1985 ; Brigadier General Philip M. Drew , 12 August 1986 ; Brigadier General John A. Corder , 3 August 1987 ; Brigadier General Gerald A. Daniel , 22 April 1988 ; Brigadier General Glenn A. Profitt II , 24 January 1989 -- unkn .
 6PR , known as 882 6PR , commenced broadcasting on October 14 , 1931 .
 6PR 's focus is on news , talk and sport , and is Perth 's only commercial talkback radio station .
 6PR is owned by Fairfax Media , an Australian media company that owns television and radio businesses throughout Australia .
 Radio in Australia was just twelve years old when 6PR commenced broadcasting on October 14 , 1931 .
 6PR was founded by electrical company Nicholson 's Limited , which ran the station from a studio above its showroom in Barrack Street , Perth .
 In 1963 the Victorian Broadcasting Network purchased Nicholson 's and sold the electrical division of the organisation to Vox Adeon .
 The broadcasting business was retained and operated under the name Nicholson 's Broadcasting Service Pty Ltd .
 The operation moved from Barrack Street to 340 Hay Street just after the purchase by the VBN in 1963 .
 The 6PR studio remained at 340 Hay Street for 22 years before it was demolished to make way for the expansion of Mercedes College .
 In 1985 the station relocated to its current premises at 169 Hay Street , East Perth .
 In the station 's early days there were only four people on the payroll now there are around one hundred .
 The limited hours of broadcasting 69 years ago have gradually been increased to a 24 hour , seven day a week service .
 Throughout the sixties 6PR was consistently the top rating station in Perth but lost its dominance in 1972 .
 The image of the station changed from rock n roll to beautiful music with the " Gentle On Your Mind " promotion in 1973 .
 This boosted 6PR 's ratings to a consistent number two with a number one position on several occasions .
 In 1977 an agreement was made with the TAB by the station 's owners to broadcast races in conjunction with a personality / sport format .
 In the early eighties the station commenced a more comprehensive news and current affairs format with the introduction of regular programs by Howard Sattler , Bob Maumill and Graham Mabury , which proved extremely popular with listeners .
 In 1987 the TAB purchased 6PR to secure the future of race broadcasts in Western Australia and races were broadcast across the station during popular talkback programs .
 During the early nineties the station 's current affairs / talkback program hosted by Sattler , Maumill , Mabury , Peter Newman , Gary Carvolth and Rob Broadfield achieved considerable success in spite of the ever increasing level of racing broadcasts on the station .
 In 1994 6PR , in conjunction with the TAB , was able to secure a special narrowcast broadcast license which allowed racing broadcasts to be moved from 6PR to the narrowcast broadcaster called Racing Radio .
 This move allowed 6PR to serve its two distinct audiences , those who listened purely for a talkback / news / current affairs format and those who listened just for racing information , in a more comprehensive manner .
 In December 1994 6PR was purchased by its current owner Southern Cross Broadcasting which also owned Melbourne 's number one rating talk station 3AW and television stations in Adelaide , Canberra and other places .
 During the nineties 6PR continued its dominance in the talk format arena with personalities such as David Christison & Lee Tate , Howard Sattler , Jenny Seaton & Gary Carvolth , Liam Bartlett , Harvey Deegan and Graham Mabury .
 During the Australian Rules Football Season 882 6PR is Perth 's Football Leader .
 Each week , Brad Hardie , George Grljusich , Karl Langdon , Graham Dawson , Basil Zempilas Glen Jakovich & Shane Woewodin keep you up-to-date with all things football .
 The AFL commentary team is composed of Basil Zempilas , Karl Langdon , Glen Jakovich , Shane Woewodin , Graham Dawson , Shane Healy and Brad Hardie .
 With commentary teams in both Melbourne and Perth , 6PR is able to cover every home and away match for the West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Dockers , while also being able to broadcast matches involving other teams utilising their traveling team based in Melbourne .
 Matches that are unable to be covered by either commentary team are broadcast on-relay from sister stations 3AW in Melbourne and FIVEaa in Adelaide .
 The local West Australian Football League is also broadcast via a program on 6PR called Bouncing Around .
 Peter Vlahos is based in the 6PR Studio while Karl Langdon & Harvey Deegan base themselves at different matches .
 Peter Vlahos then crosses between the two men as they broadcast parts of their matches & respond to football related talkback calls .
 Updates of all four WAFL matches are provided & AFL Results are also mentioned .
 Since the addition of the Perth Glory into the Australian national football ( soccer ) competition ( known then as the National Soccer League ) 6PR has broadcast almost all Home & Away matches , The coverage was led by George Grljusich .
 When the A-League began in 2005 only home matches were broadcast on 6PR .
 6PR stopped broadcasting Perth Glory matches after the 2005/2006 A-League season .
 As of the 2007/2008 A-League season 6PR will again broadcast every Perth Glory Home & Away fixture .
 6PR will be the official Radio Broadcast partner of the Perth Glory
 From 2006 , 882 6PR will broadcast every Western Force home game live from Subiaco Oval .
 The broadcast team will include former Western Reds Rugby League & West Coast Eagles AFL player Adrian Barich and Rugby union expert Mick Colliss , who will be joined by Force Players .
 You can also hear members of the Western Force during the Sports Today programme each week on 882 6PR .
 883JIA FM , is a Chinese radio station of SAFRA Radio in Singapore .
 It features contemporary , popular music and the latest entertainment news .
 It was launched as in June 1995 .
 It also launched Power98FM 8 months later .
 The station plays both English and Chinese music , a first in Singapore .
 The weekday morning drive time show is also hosted in both English and Chinese .
 883Jia FM Official Website
 Aabenraa County is a former province in Denmark , located on the east-central region of South Jutland .
 Aabenraa County was established in 1920 following the reunification of Denmark and South Jutland following the Schleswig Plebiscites .
 It was dissolved in 1970 when it merged with three other counties to form South Jutland County .
 Aabenraa County corresponded geographically to the former Prussian Kreis Apenrade combined with the larger part of Bov Parish and Frøslev municipalit ( Handewit / Hanved Parish ) .
 Both were transferred from Kreis Flensburg with the establishment of the current Danish-German border .
 Aabenraa County and Sønderbor County merged in 1932 , forming Aabenraa-Sønderbor Cunty .
 This article incorporates material from the corresponding article on the Danish Wikipedia , accessed 30 April 2007 .
 Adenet Le Roi ( c.1240 -- c .
 1300 ) was a French minstrel or trouvère , also known as Ro Adam , Li Rois Adenes , Adan le Menestrel , and Adam Rex Menestrallus .
 He is known to have composed three chansons de geste as well as the romance Cleomadé .
 Adilson Tavares Varela , commonly known as Cabral , ( born 22 October 1988 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as midfielder in the Swiss Super League for FC Basel .
 Cabral also holds a Swiss citizenship .
 Cabral came through the ranks at FC Lausanne-Sport along side his fellow countryman Adelson and made his debut in 2005 .
 He went on to play 26 games for Lausanne before leaving for FC Basel in 2007 on a free transfer , signing a 3 year deal .
 Despite being born in the West African country of the Cape Verde islands he plays for the Swiss Under-19s side .
 Aero Gare was a kitplane manufacturer founded by Gary LeGare in Mojave , California to marketed the Sea Hawker amphibious aircraft .
 It sold all rights to the design to Aero Composites in 1986 .
 Agnieszka Lipska Baranowska ( 1819 - 1890 ) was a Polish playwright and poet .
 Born on April 16 , 1819 in Gostkócity near Łęczyca in a Polish szlachta family of Lipscy to Jacob Lipski and Marjania Zaluska , she spent her life in the Prussian partition , including the Grand Duchy of Poznań .
 She had one brother , Konstanty , who died when she was six .
 She was married in 1838 to Stanisław Baranowski ( 1806-1843 ) , who was an officer in the Polish forces during the January Uprising .
 After her husband 's death in 1843 , while she was pregnant with their daughter Stanisława , she became the head of the family at the age of 24 , and took care of their lands in Marszew .
 She had many friends and colleagues among the Polish writers of the Great Emigration , some of whom visited her manor in Marszew .
 They included Karol Baliński , Teofil Lenartowicz , Franciszek Mickiewicz and Eweryst Estkowski .
 She took part in many activities designed to promote Polish culture , and sponsored and organized various festivities or organizations ( such as the Society of Scientific Help for Girls ( Towarzystwo Pomocy Naukowej dla dziewcząt ) ) .
 She wrote several plays for the local theater in Pleszew , likely inspired by and with the encouragement of Stanisław Sczaniecki from Karmin .
 She also wrote many poems , some of which she dedicated to the great Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz .
 Most of her works were dedicated to rekindling the patriotic spirit of Poles , and used many elements from myths and legends of Greater Poland .
 Some of them were printed in the women 's press ( " Lechu " , " Dwutygodniku dla Kobiet " ) .
 She died on December 15 , 1890 in Poznań .
 Agotes or Cagots were a discriminated minority in the Navarrese Pyrenees , Basque provinces , Bearn , Gascony and also Brittany .
 They have been also known by other names : Cagots , Gahets , Gafets in France ; Agotes , Gafos in Spain ; and Cacons , Cahets , Caqueux and Caquins in Brittany .
 The earliest mention of them is in 1288 , when they appear to have been called Christiens or Christianos .
 During the Middle Ages they were popularly looked upon as cretins , lepers , heretics and even as cannibals .
 They were shunned and hated ; were allotted separate quarters in towns , called cagoteries , and lived in wretched huts in the country distinct from the villages .
 Excluded from all political and social rights , they were only allowed to enter a church by a special door , and during the service a rail separated them from the other worshippers .
 Either they were altogether forbidden to partake of the sacrament , or the Eucharist was handed to them on the end of a stick , while a receptacle for holy water was reserved for their exclusive use .
 They were compelled to wear a distinctive dress , to which , in some places , was attached the foot of a goose or duck ( whence they were sometimes called Canards ) .
 And so pestilential was their touch considered that it was a crime for them to walk the common road barefooted .
 The only trades allowed them were those of butcher and carpenter , and their ordinary occupation was wood-cutting .
 The origin of Agotes ( or Cagots ) is uncertain .
 It has been suggested that they were descendants of the Visigoths , and somebody derives the name from caas ( dog ) and Goth .
 But opposed to this etymology is the fact that the word " cagot " is first found in this form no earlier than 1551 .
 French historian Pierre de Marca ( 16th century ) , in his Histoire de Beam , holds that the word signifies hunters of the Goths , and that the Cagots are descendants of the Saracens .
 Others made them descendants of the Albigenses .
 A far more probable explanation of their name Christians is to be found in the fact that in medieval times all lepers were known as pauperes Christi , and that , Goths or not , these Cagots were affected in the Middle Ages with a particular form of leprosy or a condition resembling it .
 Thus would arise the confusion between Christians and Cretins .
 It was not until the French Revolution that any steps were taken to ameliorate their lot , but today they no longer form a class and have been practically lost sight of in the general peasantry .
 The AGS JH21 was a Formula One car for the 1986 season .
 The driver was Ivan Capelli .
 The engine was a Motori Moderni turbocharger V6 .
 The team did n't have a main sponsor .
 Aisby is a village in the English county of Lincolnshire , known as Asebi in the Domesday Book .
 A small hamlet within the parish of Heydour near Ancaster and Grantham , Lincolnshire , not to be confused with Aisby near Gainsborough in the same county .
 Once a small hamlet belonging to the nearby Culverthorpe Estate , the village was sold off in lots in 1918 and is now expanded with much additional building of dwellings since 1990 .
 Both Heydour and Aisby are found with other spellings in official records such as censuses , making it difficult for families from these places to trace their origins .
 Aisby can be spelt as Azeby or even Hazeby ; Heydour seems to be currently preferred , but other versions are Haydor , Haydour , and Heydor .
 Albert Wren was an Ontario politician .
 He was first elected to the Ontario legislature as the Liberal-Labour MPP for Kenora in the 1951 provincial election .
 He had also run as a Liberal-Labour candidate in 1948 but was unsuccessful .
 He was re-elected in the 1955 and 1959 elections and served in the legislature until his death in 1961 .
 Wren sat with the Liberal caucus and ran twice in Ontario Liberal Party leadership conventions coming in second place in 1954 with 162 votes when he lost to Farquhar Oliver ( himself a former United Farmers of Ontario MPP ) , and in last place with only seven votes in 1957 losing to John Wintermeyer .
 Robert Gibson succeeded Wren as the " Liberal-Labour " MPP for Kenora and served until the 1967 election .
 Alexander Gradsky ( Russian : Александр Градский , born November 3 , 1949 ) is a Russian Rock singer , bard and composer , and has sometimes been called the Soviet Union 's most popular recording artist .
 He is known to have a three-and-a-half octave range voice , and has performed with John Denver on the song " Let Us Begin ... "
 He 's also the composer of the song entitled " Hymn , " which uses the melody from Bozhe , tsarya khrani ( " God Keep the Czar " ) , but has different lyrics .
 He has proposed that this song be made the Russian national anthem .
 It was probably first performed by Gradsky on August 20 , 1998 on Vasilievsky Spusk next to the Red Square in Moscow .
 Gradsky has also performed as a tenor at New York City 's Carnegie Hall .
 He was married to Anastasiya Vertinskaya after her divorce with Nikita Mikhalkov .
 Gradsky started his activity in the early 1960s , when he created a sound based on bard music using rock elements .
 Since then he released dozens of records .
 He is known to have a huge vocal range of more than 3 octavs .
 The Alfred Phillips House , a Registered Historic Place , is located in the Ford County , Illinois city of Gibson City .
 It has been listed on the National Register since February 5 , 1999 .
 The Phillips House is one of Ford County 's four Registered Historic Places .
 All three of the other sites , the Paxton Carnegie Public Library , Paxton Water Tower and Pump House and the Paxton First Schoolhouse are located in the county seat of Paxton , Illinois .
 The Amateur Hockey Association of Canada ( AHAC ) was an amateur men 's ice hockey league founded in 1886 , in existence until 1898 .
 It was the second ice hockey league organized in Canada , after one in Kingston , Ontario started in 1883 .
 It was organized to provide a longer season to determine the Canadian champion .
 Prior to its founding the Canadian championship was determined in a tournament in Montreal .
 The 1893 champion of the league , Montreal Hockey Club was the first winner of the Stanley Cup , being awarded the Cup as the champions of the AHAC and the AHAC was considered the top league of Canada .
 of various hockey clubs met at the Victoria Skating Rink in Montreal at the instigation of the Victoria Hockey Club of Montreal .
 They agreed that the season should run from the 1st of January until the 15th of March .
 The constitution would be adapted from a lacrosse league constitution .
 The teams knew each other .
 Mr . Thomas D . Green of Ottawa had played on the 1883 McGill hockey team .
 In that age , ice hockey was a very different game compared to today : the AHAC rules stated that there were six skaters on each side .
 The left wing , centre and right wing were the forwards , like today .
 The rover would line up behind the centre , with the point and coverpoint following , in an ' I ' formation towards the goaltender .
 The face offs were at a right angle to today 's practice , the centre men facing inwards from the sides of the rink .
 The goaltenders used no special equipment .
 There were no goal nets .
 The goals were two posts , with no crossbar .
 An umpire would judge the legality of each score .
 There were no boards along the sides of the ice , and there were no standard dimensions for a rink , although dimensions were instituted for the positioning of the goal out from the ends of the rink .
 A match was two halves of thirty minutes ( also to note that in the day , game meant goal by modern definition ) .
 Sudden-death overtime was also in place , and a match would continue until a goal was scored in the event of a tie after regulation .
 Players in all positions would normally play the entire 60 minutes .
 The AHAC operated on two different systems in its lifetime : the challenge system , where a championship team would face a new challenger each week for the championship , and the series system , which corresponds to the regular season found in the NHL today .
 With the exception of 1888 , the challenge system was exclusively used in the AHAC before the advent of the Stanley Cup , while the series system became the norm in 1893 , the first year the Cup was contested .
 The first championship team of the AHAC was the Montreal Crystals , having unofficially being declared the champions before the AHAC .
 The first title change occurred on January 14 , 1887 , when the Montreal Victorias defeated the champions 4-0 .
 The Victorias would hold the title until the very last challenge game , when the Crystals won 3-2 in their third successive challenge .
 Because of the Vics ' long run as champions , it was decided to switch to the series system in 1888 .
 The series system was a success , although a tie atop the standings between the Vics and the Montreal Hockey Club ( Montreal HC ) , and the subsequent scheduling of the tiebreaker game caused much trouble when the game was scheduled at a time when two Victorias players were injured , at the home venue of the Montreal HC .
 However , teams from outside Montreal incurred huge travelling expenses , which led the AHAC to revert back to the challenge system .
 In 1893 , the first year since 1888 where the AHAC played under a series system , the Montreal Hockey Club lost their first game against the Ottawa Hockey Club , and proceeded to win their next seven en route to the championship .
 Lord Stanley announced that his challenge trophy ( later known simply as the Stanley Cup ) for the best amateur hockey team in Canada would be presented to the Montreal Hockey Club on May 15 , 1893 , as initial champion .
 At the time , the Montreal Hockey Club was in a dispute with its parent organization , the Montreal Amateur Athletic Association ( MAAA ) .
 The hockey club was adamant about refusing the trophy , while the directors of the MAAA decided to accept the trophy , considering it came from the Governor General of Canada .
 Thus , the trophy was accepted by the MAAA , but with none of the hockey officials of the hockey club present .
 After accepting the trophy , the hockey club remained adamant about returning the trophy that was presented to them .
 In the end , the MAAA investigated into why its hockey club wanted to refuse and return the trophy , even though such an action would damage the reputation of the MAAA .
 It was believed that the people who were in charge of running their team were , in fact , not representative of the team itself , and when the hockey club asked for a loan of $175 in start-up expenses for the 1894 season , it was flatly refused ( the first time the MAAA refused anything to the hockey club ) .
 Inexplicably , the hockey club reversed its position , and the next few months saw a gradual schism between the MAAA and the club .
 Indeed , the inscriptions on the Cup when it was successfully defended in 1894 only stated " Montreal HC " .
 The MAAA , at one point , considered the hockey club to have seceded from the organization that bore them .
 The issue would be finally resolved in later years , after various attempts at reconciliation .
 † Stanley Cup winner
 According to Arthur Farrell 's book of 1899 , " Hockey : Canada 's Royal Winter Game " , Montreal Crystals are recorded as champions in 1887 , and the Montreal Hockey Club is recorded as the winner from 1888-1894 .
 See reference copy on Backcheck .
 According to Ultimate Hockey , the play between 1887 and 1892 occurred in the challenge format and the title of champion could change after every series .
 The final champion at the end of the season 's worth of challenges would be considered ' Dominion of Canada ' champion .
 Andrew Sant ( b. 1950 ) is an English born Australian poet .
 Sant migrated with his parents to Melbourne where he completed his education .
 He has subsequently lived in London at various times , most recently from 2002-2005 during which time he was Writing Fellow at the University of Leicester and 2007-2008 while he was Writing Fellow at the University of Chichester .
 In 2001 he was resident at the University of Peking in Beijing , China .
 He jointly founded the literary quarterly , Island , based in Tasmania where he has also lived .
 The most recent of his ten books of poems are Tremors - New & Selected Poems ( Black Pepper , Melbourne , Australia , 2004 ) and Speed & Other Liberties ( Salt Publishing , Cambridge , UK , 2008 ) .
 Individual poems have appeared in The Times Literary Supplement , Poetry ( Chicago ) , Poetry London , The Australian , Antipodes and many other publications .
 Angela Carder ( née Stone ) was an American cancer patient who , in 1987 , was forced to undergo a life-threatening Caesarean section in an unsuccessful attempt to save the life of her fetus .
 The case stands as a landmark in United States case law establishing the rights of pregnant women to determine their own health care .
 At age thirteen , Angela Stoner was diagnosed with a rare and usually fatal form of cancer .
 She survived , and after years of chemotherapy and radiation therapy was declared to be in remission .
 Ten years after the initial diagnosis she developed another form of cancer , which she and her doctors fought with equal determination .
 The second cancer went into remission .
 Angela later married and became pregnant .
 In 1987 , when Carder was twenty-five weeks pregnant , her cancer was discovered to have recurred and metastasized to her lung .
 Exactly what plan she made on learning this is unclear : one source claims that she was determined to prolong her life , and elected to start radiation and chemotherapy , regardless of known risks to the fetus ; others state that she chose to institute only palliative care , in an effort to remain alive until the 28th week of gestation , when it was thought the fetus would have a better chance of survival .
 Whatever her choice , the administrators of George Washington University Hospital -- who were also the liability risk managers -- were disturbed to hear that she had not elected to have an immediate C-section procedure .
 Fearing a lawsuit by pro-life activists , they convened a court hearing at the hospital and obtained separate counsels for Carder , her fetus , and the hospital .
 At the hearing , family members , including Carder 's husband , opposed the C-section on the grounds that she would be unlikely to survive it and that she would not want it ( Carder herself , now gravely ill , did not testify ) .
 Her treating physicians also opposed the procedure .
 However , a neonatologist not personally familiar with her medical status testified that the fetus would have at least a 60% chance of survival -- nearly that of a healthy woman 's fetus at the same gestational age .
 Carder 's own long-term oncologist was not contacted ; he has since stated that he would have called the procedure " medically inadvisable both for Angela Carder and for the fetus " .
 Nonetheless , and despite medical testimony that such a procedure would probably end Carder 's life , an order was issued authorizing the hospital to perform an immediate C-section .
 Obstetricians at the hospital initially refused to carry out the procedure , but eventually one reluctantly agreed .
 A three-judge appellate panel upheld the decision in an emergency telephone appeal , despite Carder 's own repeated pleas of " I do n't want it done . "
 Exactly how long the fetus survived is a matter of some dispute .
 The most commonly cited figure is two hours .
 Susan Faludi quotes the obstetrician who performed the surgery as saying attempts to inflate the fetus 's lungs were " like trying to ventilate a rock " .
 Angela Carder survived her surgery by two days .
 In the wake of the surgery , Carder 's family and the American Civil Liberties Union 's Reproductive Freedom Project asked the D.C. Court of Appeals to vacate the order and its legal precedent , on grounds that the order had violated Carder 's right to informed consent and her constitutional rights of privacy and bodily integrity .
 One hundred twenty organizations filed amicus briefs on Carder 's behalf , including the American Medical Association and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists .
 One attorney for the hospital argued that it was appropriate to sacrifice a dying woman for her fetus ; an appeals court judge is reported to have replied , " Are you urging this court to find that you can handcuff a woman to a bed and force her to give birth ? "
 On April 26 , 1990 , the court issued the ruling In re A.C. , which vacated the previous decisions and ruled that Angela Carder had the right to make health-care decisions for herself and her fetus .
 At the same time as the Court of Appeals case , the ACLU and Carder 's parents , Daniel and Nettie Stoner , instituted a civil action , Stoners v. George Washington University Hospital , et al. , suing the hospital for deprivation of human rights , discrimination , wrongful death and malpractice , among other charges .
 In November of 1990 , days before the scheduled trial was to begin , the hospital settled out of court for an undisclosed amount of money and a promise of new hospital policies protecting the rights of pregnant women .
 Angelo Fresquet ( born December 16 , 1973 , Fort Lauderdale , Florida ) is a Dynamic Speaker , Business Developer , Producer , Director , Actor , & well known Celebrity Special Events Coordinator .
 Angelo Fresquet , " Made in Miami "
 Angelo Fresquet , was born in Fort Lauderdale , Fl. But raised in Miami , at 1 yrs old Angelo 's family had been living in the historic Hotel Essex on Collins Ave in Miami Beach after having left their country in pursuit of a new life , little did he know that when he 'd grow up he 'd be one of the key developers of Miami 's Posh-Trendsetting Nightlife , his career in Marketing , Sales , Management , Consulting & Special Events began in 1989 .
 At the time Miami Beach was not yet called South Beach and the entertainment industry had begun to grow in Miami .
 With not much to do those days most people resorted to having many house parties , recalls Angelo .
 With a very diverse background in every type of industry imaginable Angelo began his growth in Miami as a young Actor / Model working many non-union & later union jobs .
 His Acting / Modeling career holds numerous commercials & films as well as print ads .
 Son of Famous & Legendary Cuban Parents & family , Angelo 's Father is a famous international artist & humorist Fresquito Fresquet & Angelo 's grandfather Gonzalo Roig is the most famous music composer from Cuba , composing music sang by Julio Iglesias & others .
 Although his acting career was taking off , Angelo decided to also do business & create a social network .
 He was crafting his way of doing business through Special Events & networking in Miami 's nightlife in the early 90 's .
 As the nightlife began to grow he began to produce events in famed 1235 ( now Mansion ) , Les Bains ( later Chaos ) , Le Loft & Dunes ( later Liquid , now Suite ) , Cameo Theatre ( now Crobar ) , Penrods ( now Nikki Beach / Pearl ) and many more .
 During this time he was also working in Corporate America for Fortune 500 Corporations leading their marketing departments in companies like AT&T , Wachovia , Carnival Cruise Lines , and many more .
 He was climbing a ladder & his background was as well rounded as any one can be to reach all kinds of demographics .
 By the mid 90 's Angelo was tailor making special events and collaborating with Miami 's nightlife elite like Gerry Kelly , Michael Capponi , Tommy Pooch , Jorge Nunez , Chris Paciello & others with special events at KGB , Shadow Lounge , Liquid , Bar Room , Lua's , and many others .
 By the mid to late 90 's Angelo had become a house hold name as one of Miami 's elite impresarios .
 Success would follow him at his every turn & continues to this very day .
 He has accomplished a repertoire for having the best events & collaborating on some of the most distinguished & successful events in Miami .
 In 2002 , Angelo launched NOK Entertainment to create a company that could market , promote , produce , & create all types of special events at any venue from Miami , South Beach to West Palm Beach , including L.A. , NYC , & Vegas .
 He has worked in Miami with Nikki Beach / Pearl / Hardrock / Ivy Aventura / Mansion / Opium-Prive' / Crobar / Suite & Snatch / Amika / Mynt / Pawn Shop / The Forge / Club BED & many more of Miami 's Hottest Venue's .
 His style of marketing events , customer service , VIP exclusivity , Celebes , Artists , and beautiful crowds that would gather made him the front man & face corporations , artists , professionals , Celebes , magazines & all socialites would want to have their events coordinated & produced by .
 He helped create the now famed " open format " of music played by today 's DJ 's mixing all music , rock , hip-hop , 80 's , house , etc .
 He later moved on from NOK , with more than 19 yrs of experience in so many different industries & with several television interviews , magazine interviews , and reality shows filmed & even films like 2005 Miami Vice being filmed at his events the list of people wanting to work with Angelo grew .
 The list is rather large but to name a few of the events Angelo helped produce include a very bright roster of who's-who , Britney Spears , Jamie Foxx , Paris Hilton , Shaquille O'Neal , Jonathan Vilma , Bryant Mckinnie , Kanye West , P. Diddy , Cameron Diaz , Oliver Stone , Steven Tyler , Neve Campbell , Dwayne The Rock Johnson , Andy Garcia , Shakira , Ricky Martin , Hootie & the Blowfish , Michael Jordan , Roberto Cavalli with DJ 's like DJ AM , DJ IRIE , DJ KALED , DJ TIESTO , and many more , creating Super Bowl events , CD release parties , track shows , special performances , birthday soirée's , Film release parties , corporate events , Fashion shows , magazine cover release , after award show private events and many more .
 Angelo has reached out to corporate America , the young and successful , the trendy , the tourist , the wealthy , the professional , the rich & famous .
 His events have been featured on Deco Drive 's Party Patrol on FOX 7 , Telemundo , Univision , MUN2 , A3 , MTV & Wild on E ! , to name a few .
 He was and still is a major player & continues to raise the bar , staying in touch with the market , although retired from nightlife he grows continually by leading the way & constantly challenging the status quo .
 Angelo now is working for a large organization in Miami , ERJ International , it 's a non-profit organization , he 's passionate about helping others & help better the lives of those in need , he produces Concerts , Leadership Conferences , Large or Exclusive events , he also develops businesses , product branding & marketing , as well as taking time to work on screen plays based on true stories & a few books he is currently writing .
 He is a Man of Vision , leadership , creativity , principles , & faith .
 He enjoys spending time with his children , teaching , life coaching & mentoring others , although single & not married , having overcome much adversity he continues to fulfill his purpose in life ; to change & impact lives as he leads & directs them to their destiny !
 Current News : Angelo is working on a book , the date for release is Dec. 2008 . He is also launching several businesses as well as launching several concerts in the Miami Area .
 You can catch up with Angelo during the promotional Campaign of the new body fuel Krank 'd Body Fuel , visit online at www.krankd.com
 Angelo 's favorite quotes ... " A great leader 's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion , not position . "
 " Leaders must be close enough to relate to others , but far enough ahead to motivate them . "
 " Leadership is more ?
 If not , much more ?
 Influence rather than position . "
 The Anguilla United Front is an alliance of political parties in Anguilla .
 At the last elections , 21 february 2005 , the alliance won 38.9 % of popular votes and 4 out of 7 elected seats .
 A Portuguesa is the national anthem of Portugal .
 It was written by Henrique Lopes de Mendonça ( lyrics ) and Alfredo Keil ( music ) after the nationalist resurgence provoked by the British Ultimatum ( for Portuguese troops to vacate the territory between Angola and Mozambique ) , was adopted as a Republican anthem and , finally , by the new Portuguese Republic in 1910 as the national anthem , replacing " O Hymno da Carta " , the last anthem of the Constitutional Monarchy in Portugal .
 The title A Portuguesa means " the Portuguese ( song ) " --- the Portuguese word for " song " , canção , being feminine --- just as La Marseillaise , the national anthem of France , is " the song of Marseille " , the Belgian anthem , The Brabançonne is " the song of Brabant " , and L'Internationale , the Socialist anthem , is " the international ( song ) " .
 In 1890 , the United Kingdom issued an ultimatum demanding Portugal give up its intentions of occupying the land between the African colonies of Angola , on the western coast , and Mozambique , on the eastern coast , thus joining the two territories .
 Despite popular uproar , the government was forced to accept the British terms , a measure that contributed to the growing unpopularity of King Carlos I and the monarchy and gained supporters for the already boosting republican movement .
 Inspired by the common feeling of outrage among the people , writer Henrique Lopes de Mendonça composed a poem urging his compatriots to " fight for the fatherland " ( Pela Pátri luta ) and praising the country 's past as a naval power , particularly in the 15th and 16th centuries .
 The words were set to a melody by composer Alfredo Keil and the song soon became popular among people unhappy with what they considered a submissive and humiliating attitude by the Portuguese authorities .
 On January 31 , 1891 , a republican revolution broke out in the northern city of Porto and " A Portuguesa " was adopted by the rebels as their anthem .
 The revolution was crushed and the song banned .
 In 1910 , on October 5 , a new revolution succeeded in overthrowing the monarchy and establishing a republic in Portugal .
 In the following year , 1911 , a law officialized the status of " A Portuguesa " as Portugal 's national anthem .
 The song consists of the first stanza from Mendonça 's poem followed by a chorus .
 The second and third verses below were part of the poem , but are not included in the anthem ( and are indeed unknown to even exist by a large majority of Portuguese ) .
 The fifth line of the chorus : " Contra os canhões marchar , marchar " ( Against the cannons march , march ! ) is an alteration of the original " Contra os bretões marchar , marchar " ( Against the Britos march , march ! ) , a reference to the Pink Map .
 Armistice Day is the anniversary of the official end of World War I , November 11 , 1918 .
 It commemorates the armistice signed between the Allies and Germany at Compiègn , Franc , for the cessation of hostilities on the Western Front , which took effect at eleven o'clock in the morning --- the " eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month . "
 While this official date to mark the end of the war reflects the ceasefire on the Western Front , hostilities continued in other regions , especially across the former Russian Empire and in parts of the old Ottoman Empire .
 The date was a national holiday in many of the former allied nations to allow people to commemorate those members of the armed forces who were killed during war .
 After World War II , it was changed to Veterans Day in the United States and to Remembrance Day in the British Commonwealth of Nations .
 Armistice Day is an official holiday in France .
 It is also an official holiday in Belgium , known also as the day of peace in the Flanders Fields .
 In many parts of the world , people take two minutes of silence at 11:00 in the morning as a sign of respect for the roughly eight million who died in the war , as suggested by Edward George Honey in a letter to a British newspaper though Wellesley Tudor Pole established two ceremonial periods of remembrance based on events in 1917 .
 Beginning in 1939 , the two-minute silence was moved to the Sunday nearest the 11th , in order not to interfere with wartime production should the 11th fall on a weekday .
 Since the 1990s a growing number of people have observed a two-minute silence on 11 November , resulting in both Armistice Day and Remembrance Sunday being commemorated formally in the UK ( although in 2007 they fell on the same day ) .
 November 11th 2008 will be the 90th anniversary of Armistice Day .
 A Storm to Come is the debut album of german a cappella metal band Van Canto , released in 2006 .
 The album cover 's artwork was provided by Mattias Noren .
 The Mass Transit System of Athens , Greece is the largest mass transit system in all of Greece .
 The ISAP , ILPAP and ETHEL companies belong to the public company OASA ( Organismos Astikon Syngoinonion Athinon / Athens Urban Transport Organisation / Οργανισμός Αστικών Συγκοινωνιών Αθηνών . The AMEL and Tram companies belong to Attiko Metro ( Αττικό Μετρό Α.Ε. in Greek ) , a company that is currently wholly owned by the Greek government .
 Proastiakos S.A. belongs to OSE , which is also a public company .
 Atwick is a village and civil parish in Holderness in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
 The village is near the North Sea coast , and two miles north of Hornsea on the B1242 road .
 The civil parish is formed by the village of Atwick and the hamlet of Skirlington .
 According to the 2001 UK census , Atwick parish had a population of 318 .
 The World War Two defences constructed in and around Atwick have been documented by William Foot .
 They included a heavy anti-aircraft battery and several pillboxes .
 The Australian League of Rights is a minor political organisation in Australia founded by Eric Butler with its basis in the economic theory of Social Credit expounded by C. H. Douglas .
 It describes itself as upholding the virtues of freedom .
 It is not a political party , but rather sees itself as a watchdog against government intervention .
 The League was formed in 1960 by a merger of various Leagues of Rights based in the Australian states , the first of which was based in South Australia from 1946 .
 The League 's founder Eric Butler died on June 9 2006 , at the age of 90 .
 The League , like many other far-Right organisations , strongly denies that the Holocaust , during which millions of people , particularly European Jews , were killed , ever occurred .
 It is strongly supportive of the polemicist and Holocaust denial advocate David Irving .
 They believe that the world is run by a secret society of Jews .
 The League is distinctive for asserting that The Protocols of the Elders of Zion is a genuine Jewish document ( the Encyclopædi Britannica for example describes the Protocols as a " fraudulent document that served as a pretext and rationale for anti-Semitism in the early 20th century " ) .
 The League describes itself as being based on the principles of Christianity and is vehement in its anti-communism .
 They argue in favour of capitalism by promoting the sanctity of private property and individual enterprise .
 They are keen promoters of Social Credit .
 They are strongly monarchist and completely opposed to Australian republicanism and see the links to Great Britain as being fundamental to Australian identity .
 The League has been accused of being associated with the now-defunct Australian National Socialist Party .
 Former Western Australian Labor MP , founder of the Australia First Party and later One Nation member Graeme Campbell was associated with the League at the same time as he was a member of One Nation and Australia First .
 Mr Campbell stated that " Australia First has no association with the League .
 It 's me with the association . "
 Former treasurer Peter Costello stated that One Nation 's policy of a state bank which would issue low-interest loans was directly taken from the ALOR , and that " the League of Rights is driving its policy in relation to banking and money "
 The Australian branch of the B'nai B'rith Anti-Defamation Commission issued a press release that " The Co-founder of Australians Against Further Immigration ( AAFI ) , and One Nation 's Victorian leader Robyn Spencer has addressed numerous League of Rights meetings as well as delivered a speech with League of Rights , Advisory National Director Eric Butler . "
 ALOR is also allegedly associated with National Action
 In the 1970s and early 1980s , the League attempted to gain control of the National Party of Australia , encouraging members to join the party in sufficient numbers to take control , a tactic known as entryism .
 Doug Anthony led an effort to defend the Party from the League by recruiting people who would vote against them .
 After a long struggle over several years , the existing leadership prevailed .
 A surprising consequence of this struggle was that the National Party , which got far fewer votes than either the Labor or Liberal parties , had more members .
 This fact became much more widely known than the reason for it , with both sides keeping the struggle out of the media .
 It has been associated with the now-defunct New Zealand League of Rights , the Canadian League of Rights and through the British League of Rights also the John Birch Society in the United States .
 Critics have pointed to the past participation of the League in the former World Anti-Communist League alongside dictatorial regimes like that of Augusto Pinochet .
 ( 1946 ) The International Jew : The Truth About the Protocols of Zion 4 ^ Harcourt , D .
 ( 1972 ) Everyone Wants To Be Fuhrer : National Socialism in Australia and New Zealand , p. 115 ) 5 ^ Campbell , A.A. ( 1978 ) The Australian League of Rights : a study in political extremism and subversion , Outback Press , Collingwood , p. 170
 Australian Melodrama is a compilation album by The Triffids , released in 1994 .
 The Ayalon Cave is a large underground limestone cave located near Ramla , Israel .
 The cave , 300 feet deep , with its branch extends almost 2.5 kilometres making it the second largest limestone cave in Israel .
 Researchers announced that they have so far discovered eight new species , all without eyes , including four crustacean species and four terrestrial species , previously unknown to science .
 They added that the crustaceans included two saltwater species and two freshwater species , indicating that this diversity might help better understand the water history of the region .
 The cave was first discovered when a small opening was discerned in a quarry near Ramla .
 According to Professor Amos Frumkin of the Hebrew University , the cave is unique in that a thick layer of chalk left it impermeable to water .
 The cave will remain closed to the public to allow scientific investigation to continue undisturbed .
 As the cave was completely cut off from the outside environment , it sustained an independent ecosystem ; this ecosystem did not rely on sunlight and photosynthesis , or on organic compounds , for an energy source .
 Rather , energy was extracted by Chemoautotrophic bacteria , living in a film on top of the pool water .
 These bacteria produce energy by oxidizing the sulfide compounds in the water , and derive organic compounds using carbon dioxide from the air .
 These compounds form the basis of the cave 's ecosystem .
 Baatsagaan is a sum ( district ) of Bayankhongor Province in southern Mongolia .
 The Badminton Hall of Fame honors players who have shown exceptional skill at badminton , all-time great coaches and referees , and other major contributors to the game .
 There is also a USA Badminton Hall of Fame and a Badminton Canada 's Hall of Fame .
 The Inaugural Members were Colonel S S C Dolby Apd , Sir George Alan Thomas , Betty Uber and Herbert A E Scheele Obe .
 The Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) is the international governing body for the sport of badminton .
 Founded in 1934 as the International Badminton Federation with nine member nations ( Canada , Denmark , England , France , Ireland , Netherlands , New Zealand , Scotland and Wales ) , the BWF has since expanded to achieve international recognition .
 On September 24 , 2006 , at the Extraordinary General Meeting in Madrid , it was decided to adopt the new name Badminton World Federation ( BWF ) .
 Its head office has been located in Cheltenham , UK since its founding , but on October 1 , 2005 , it is now located in Kuala Lumpur .
 Its current president is Kang Young Joong .
 The BWF bestows special honours onto players , umpires , sponsors and other individuals for their achievement in badminton or for their contributions to badminton .
 Bahus-Soubiran is a village and commune in the Landes département of south-westrn France .
 Bandarlapalle is a small village in the Palmaner Taluk of Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh in India .
 The village is situated in the South East of Deccan Plateau .
 There are some places of historic significance around Bandarlapalle like Sitamma Konda and Ramakuppam .
 About ten miles from Bandarlapalle the Deccan Plateau ends in a dense forest range , sloping down into the plains of Tamilnadu .
 The villagers are mainly a farming community .
 Agriculture mainly depends on the seasonal monsoon rains , excessive rain water is stored in the two man made lakes , which is a feature of every village in the Deccan Plateau of south India .
 The main crops are Ragi , Rice , Groundnuts , Wheat and Pulses .
 People also get themselves involved in farming sheep and goat , which is the main profession of most Kuruba Gowdas who are a majority people in the village .
 Bandarlapalle was very backward and under developed until recently .
 However , since the last decade there has lot of developmental work taken place , with good roads , drinking water and schools being built .
 The major festival of the village is Sankranthi , the festival of harvest which is celebrated to thank the god almighty for the good harvest .
 The main attraction is the Bull race , which attracts people from surrounding towns and villages .
 The Bangladesh Scouts are the national Scouting organization of Bangladesh .
 Scouting was founded in Bangladesh as part of the British Indian branch of The Scout Association , and continued as part of the Pakistan Boy Scouts Association until the country 's divided sections split in 1971 during the Bangladesh Liberation War .
 Following its independence , Bangladesh became an independent member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1974 .
 The organization has 721,635 members as of 2004 .
 During the Bangladesh Liberation War , in April 1971 , members of the Bangladesh Boy Scout Association volunteered to carry the mail from the Bangladesh Army field post offices to the nearest Post Office in India .
 Scouting has grown over the years in the face of considerable difficulties .
 Scouts are involved in community service , major areas being agriculture , health and sanitation , child welfare , community development , construction and repair of low cost housing and sports .
 During national disasters , such as the many floods that strike Bangladesh , Scouts are called to help with flood control , relocation of citizens and organizing shelters .
 Membership is open to youth between 6 and 25 years of age , regardless of caste , creed or color .
 The Scouts receive strong support from the government , which recognized Scouting 's value in citizenship training .
 1 .
 2 .
 3 .
 4 .
 5 .
 6 .
 7 .
 The Scout Motto is Sebar jannoa sada prastut thakte jathasadhya chesta kara , meaning " Do your best to be prepared for service . "
 The National Training Centre is at Mouchak , Gazipur .
 It includes a Scout Museum inaugurated in November 2007 .
 In addition , there are American Boy Scouts in Dhaka , linked to the Direct Service branch of the Boy Scouts of America , which supports units around the world .
 Bank Hey ( also Sunnybower or Sunny Bower ) is a suburb of Blackburn , Lancashire , England .
 It is located to the east of the town , north of Whitebirk and near the boundary with Hyndburn .
 The Battle of Hulao ( 虎牢之戰 ) of 28 May 621 , located just east of Luoyang , was a decisive victory for Li Shimin , through which he was able to subdue two warlords , Dou Jiande and Wang Shichong .
 Li Shimin led a siege on the city of Luoyang , head of the self-declared emperor Wang Shichong , who solicited help from Dou Jiande from the east .
 However , Dou Jiande delayed and when he finally arrived , Li Shimin brought forces to meet the new threat .
 Li Shimin 's army avoided conflict until the troops of Dou Jiande were exhausted and then led a cavalry charge , effectively capturing Dou Jiande .
 Afterwards , Wang Shichong , seeing no other choice , surrendered Luoyang .
 Dou Jiande was later executed , resulting in some of his followers , led by Liu Heita , raising an unsuccessful rebellion against Tang .
 The French Voulet-Chanoine Mission , led by the captains Paul Voulet and Julien Chanoine , had been dispatched in 1898 to Africa by the French government with the mission to conquer the territories between the Niger River and Lake Chad and join in uniting French territories in West Africa .
 After leaving French Sudan in January 1899 , they ruthlessly subjected the native peoples , meeting little resistance .
 One of the few to resist was the sorcerer queen Sarraounia , ruler of the Azna , a pagan people in a long Islamized region .
 Determinated to bar the expedition 's road , Sarraounia wrote to Voulet a provocative letter full of insults ; the French took up the challenge , and on April 15 left the camp marching towards the villages of Lougou and Tougana , where Sarraounia had concentrated her forces .
 The day after , at 6:00 , started what Lt .
 Paul Joalland called " one of the hottest moment of the campaign " .
 The French found the enemy assembled on the field , while women and children had already retired themselves in a small thick and almost impenetrable bush where the Azna defended themselves when facing a superior enemy .
 After the Azna had started to sisperse under the French gunfire , their lines broke when hit by three grapeshot balls ; the Azna then retreated in the bush , where the thick foliage partly protected the natives from the gunfire .
 The French felt that if left there , the Azna may attack them at night ; so it was decideed to assault the bush , but being careful to leave a way of escape for the Azna open , so to avoid a too deadly confrontation that could cost too much blood .
 The French met a strong resistance , killing 2 riflemen and wounding 4 , but were at the end successful and forced the Azna to escape .
 The battle had protracted itself till 13:00 , and among the French tirailleurs 4 were killed and 6 wounded , with 7,000 cartridges consummed .
 The Battle of Vilcapugio was fought on October 1 , 1813 during the Campaign of Alto Peru in the Argentine War of Independence , where the pro-independence forces led by General Manuel Belgrano were defeated by the pro-Spanish Realists , led by Joaquin de la Pazuela .
 The Campaign was restarted upon the insistence of the government in Buenos Aires after the Army of the North 's victories during the Battles of Tucumán and Salta .
 Despite having malaria and having to command a company of new conscripts with insufficient artillery , Belgrano accepted the commanding post .
 Belgrano 's army was supported by Colonel Baltasar Cárdenas and the 2,000 poorly organized natives under his command , and Colonel Cornelio Zelaya with forces from Cochabamba .
 Both colonels had orders to incite rebellion amongst the indigenous populations who provided the realists with valuable information .
 Knowing that the realist army did not have enough mules to move its artillery and provisions , Belgrano planned to use a pincer movement to attack , confidently believing that Pezuela would not provide much resistance .
 At the end of September 1813 , most of Belgrano 's army arrived in the prairie of Vilcapugio , which was a plateau surrounded by tall mountains to the north of Potosí .
 The realist troops were encamped at Condo-Condo under the orders of Pazuela and Major Saturnino Castro , which allowed them to cut off Cárdenas ' troops and any communication between Belgrano and the Cochabamban forces .
 Castro also attained documents from Cárdenas giving instructions to Belgrano .
 With these documents Pazuela was able to interrupt Belgrano 's plans and began his advance on the mountains on October 1 .
 Belgrano 's army veterans from the North contained the left flank and center column of the realist army and forced them to back down until Pezuela recognized he was losing the battle at Virrey de Lima ; however , his own left flank remained in action and defeated Belgrano 's right column .
 The realist army reorganized itself and appropriated all of its artillery , continuously shelling the few soldiers left in Belgrano 's encampment .
 Belgrano and Eustaquio Díaz Vélez had decided that Vel would be the one to go to Potosí to reunite with the dispersed troops .
 Díaz Vélez took command over the troops in Potosí after Vilcapugio with the rest of the army on the left flank of the enemy .
 At this point the troops organized themselves to pursue the Campaign of Alto Perú according the orders of the government of Buenos Aires .
 BayCon is the San Francisco Bay Area 's main Science Fiction and Fantasy Convention .
 It is held over Memorial Day weekend in San Jose , California .
 BayCon is a large convention topping two thousand attendees over the last several years .
 The convention draws many attendees from throughout California and also as far away as Oregon , Washington , and Nevada .
 Some of the better known regular attendees include Howard Hendrix , Diana Paxson , Lee Martindale , and Irene Radford .
 Past Guests of Honor include Gene Wolfe , Frank Kelly Freas , Mike Jittlov , James P. Hogan , Don Maitz , Michael Whelan , Los Hermanos Hernandez , Art Widner , Barry Longyear , Harry Turtledove , David Brin , Spider and Jeanne Robinson , Harlan Ellison , Forrest J Ackerman , Kent Brewster and Esther Friesner .
 Toastmasters have included Frank Catalano , Richard A. Lupoff , Frank N. Robinson , Raymond E. Feist and Laura Brodian Freas .
 Co-founded by John McLaughlin and Randall Cooper , the first BayCon in its current existence as " The San Francisco Bay Area Regional Science Fiction and Fantasy Convention " was held over Thanksgiving weekend in 1982 .
 BayCon ' 83 was also held over Thanksgiving weekend .
 ( The name was previously used by the 1961 Westercon , 1968 Worldcon , and a San Francisco Bay Area comics convention from 1973-78 . )
 To avoid conflicts with Southern California 's annual regional convention , LosCon , BayCon moved to Memorial Day weekend , skipping Thanksgiving in 1984 .
 For most of its history , it was held at the Doubletree Hotel in San Jose ( formerly the Red Lion ) .
 In 2007 , it was held at the San Mateo Marriott Hotel .
 From 2008-2010 , it will be held at the Hyatt Regency Santa Clara and Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara , California .
 BCSWomen is a Specialist Group of the British Computer Society , with the aim of supporting women working and considering a career in Information Technology .
 The group has over 500 members and an active mailing list .
 Activities include meetings , networking and mentoring .
 The chair is Dr Sue Black of the University of Westminster .
 The BEL20 is the benchmark stock market index of Euronext Brussels .
 In general , the index consists of a minimum of 10 and a maximum of 20 companies traded at the Brussels Stock Exchange .
 Since Nyrstar was promoted to the index on 4 March 2008 , the BEL20 has contained a full 20 listings .
 The composition of the BEL20 index is reviewed annually based on closing prices at the end of the calendar year .
 These changes are effected on the first trading day of every March .
 In addition to meeting a set of criteria demanding a company be " representative of the Belgian equity market " , at least 15% of its shares must be considered free float in order to qualify for the index .
 In addition , a candidate for inclusion must possess a free float market capitalisation ( in Euros ) of at least 300000 times the price of the index on the last trading day of December .
 The minimum requirement for an existing constituent to remain in the index is a market cap of 200000 times the index value .
 At each annual review , the weights of companies in the index are capped at 15% , but range freely with share price subsequently .
 The BEL20 is a market value-weighted index .
 Benjamin Stoloff ( 6 October 1895 - 8 September 1960 ) , best known as Ben Stoloff , was an American film director and producer .
 He began his career as a short film comedy director and gradually moved into feature film directing and production later in his career .
 Stoloff was born in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , USA .
 He died in Hollywood , California .
 Benny Lee Boynton ( born December 6 , 1898 ) was an American football player .
 He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1962 .
 He played professionally for the Rochester Jeffersons and Buffalo Bisons
 Ben Player Ben is the current 2007 World Champion .
 He is known for his flawless bodyboarding style and massive charging .
 His victory came after placing second ( narrowly being defeated by Damian King ) in the 2006 Pipeline final .
 He has finished # 2 overall on the world bodyboarding tour several times .
 Ben now also helps run Movement Bodyboarding Magazine .
 The Shark Island Challenge is Australia 's richest bodyboarding competition , bankrolled to the tune of $120,000 .
 But as they say , money ca n't buy love -- or , as was the case in July 2005 , wave action .
 When the month-long waiting period ran out without a hint of swell , organisers were forced to put the outcome in the hands of competitors .
 And so the first stop on the World Bodyboarding Tour would be decided by a vote : either split the prize money and the championship points evenly between all competitors , or run the comp in the puny swell benignly flopping over a rock ledge usually famous for its forbidding risk to life and limb .
 " I just thought , ' You fools , this is what we do ' , " says Ben Player , one of only two pro riders who voted to compete .
 At 28 , he sensed his chances of ever winning a world title receding with each hand raised in opposition : he had fancied his chances at the infamous Island .
 Retreating to his car , he broke down and cried , angered and frustrated by his peers ' reluctance to man up at a spot that has always rewarded the brave .
 He paddled out anyway , an overt display of defiance against the group 's decision - albeit a failed one .
 " I ended up cutting my hand pretty badly on the reef .
 It was n't rideable at all ... "
 Six months later he was in Hawaii in January 06 for the final stop on the world tour .
 The irony of that frigid afternoon in Cronulla did n't dawn on Player as he paddled out in flawless , two-metre waves for the final of the Pipeline Pro ; he was too preoccupied with matters at hand .
 After further tour stops in Chile , Portugal and Maui , the two riders left in the hunt for the 2006 crown were the same pair who had voted in favour of going ahead at Shark Island - Ben Player and Queenslander Mitchell Rawlins .
 With Rawlins knocked out in the quarters , Ben needed to place at least second in the final to realise his dream of becoming world champ .
 His surfing in that 30-minute final was truly world class , combining clean barrels with solid boosts .
 Ben opened up a lead early that he would hold on to through to the siren .
 Not just the master of Pipeline , but champion of the world ...
 Then , further controversy .
 In the hazy , backlit conditions of the late afternoon , it was revealed that the judges had confused the riders , awarding Player the points for a ride his opponent had made .
 Scores were hastily revised , then the gutting news : Player had been relegated to runner-up , just moments before he was due to be presented with the Pipeline trophy .
 The confusion soured the occasion .
 But Ben Player was bodyboarding 's newest world champion .
 This month Player returns to Hawaii to defend his title .
 No such contest debacles this year , which means Ben Player is more ambitious than ever to win it clean .
 And again it will all come down to Pipeline , where his performances every winter since he first arrived as a wiry 16-year-old have made him a stand out , no matter what surfcraft you favour , as even the greatest surfer on the planet will attest .
 " Ben gets a fair share of respect from the crew there , " says Kelly Slater .
 " He does n't really say all that much but seems to get the job done right .
 He has a good eye for how to ride a wave .
 A great surfer is a great surfer , no matter what they ride . "
 That wiry frame has filled out during the 13 seasons he 's spent hassling for waves amongst the hungry pack of board riders who converge on the famous stretch of sand every northern winter .
 He shares physical traits with his brother Toby , also a pro bodyboarder and half the reason why the name Player has been tattooed on everything bodyboarding since the sport 's boom days of the mid-1990s .
 " You ca n't help but be competitive with your brother , " Ben says of their early years riding the wedging peaks of Whale Beach , on Sydney 's northern beaches .
 As the younger sibling , Ben was constantly surfing with guys his senior , something he feels refined his talent and drive .
 " The fact Toby was more popular than me just made me even more competitive . "
 In fact Ben Player 's biography reflects the twists and turns of the phenomenal growth of this comparatively new sport .
 Player won Australian titles as a cadet ( under-16s ) and as a pro in 2000 , part of the new generation that reshaped bodyboarding in Australia .
 This crew put new emphasis on style and fluidity in big moves and heavy situations , keeping their bodies and legs tight and in control through monstrous airs , milking power out of the pocket of the wave -- the bowl that forms in front of the barrelling section .
 His progressive riding and surfer-good looks made him the complete package , but at 24 , when he might have been cashing in , his seat at the head of bodyboarding 's table was kicked out from under him .
 At the start of the new millennium , surf brands began pulling out of bodyboarding .
 " Three years ago I lost both sponsors on the same day .
 [ Surfwear label ] Quiksilver totally pulled out of bodyboarding and the company distributing Morey boards went bankrupt , so of course my contract went bust .
 Basically I lost $85,000 for that year and $35,000 that was owed to me , " says Player .
 Player pinpoints Mike Stewart -- the undisputed guru of bodyboarding who had pioneered the sport -- for kick-starting an era of self-reliance and self-belief , backed by his call to " support those who support bodyboarding " .
 A kind of evangelistic patriotism swept through the sport .
 First came the launch of bodyboard-specific clothing brands , then wetsuits and accessories .
 Now bodyboarding specific stores have opened to cater for the newly independent industry .
 " The sport is in a much better position now , " Player will tell you .
 " It 's still growing , but with the money remaining in bodyboarding . "
 The thought of quitting never entered his head .
 " It was more a question of ' How am I going to make ends meet ? "
 He 'd always harboured a creative streak , was an avid scribe within the sport and a self-taught graphic designer ... The answer seems obvious now : Player pooled the last of his savings with a couple of friends and launched a magazine .
 " The only other bodyboarding magazine on the market was aimed at a young teenage audience , and here I was 20-something and I could n't relate .
 I wanted to make something I could show people and say , ' Hey , this is what I do . ' "
 For the first two years Player sold advertising for the mag , which was named Movement .
 It now employs four people ( yes , including this author ) .
 Player 's been able to step away from the day-to-day business , but the magazine is a venture that will keep him firmly rooted in the sport .
 It has even re-energised his passion for the sport .
 " The more I worked on Movement the more stoked I became on bodyboarding again . "
 As the street cred of bodyboarding evolved , so did the dynamics of the sport .
 Bodyboarders now seek out the sort of aquatic slabs breaking in shallow water that stand-up surfers leave alone .
 " On a bodyboard you can handle much steeper situations .
 Being prone means you can ride over very shallow , ledging reefs , sometimes just inches deep , where you wo n't get knocked off by steps in the wave . "
 This extreme element comes with heavy consequences .
 During a contest in Tahiti a few years ago , Player pulled into a barrel that shut down on him .
 When he finally came up for air , he was bleeding from both ears from the sheer pressure exerted by the imploding wave .
 " I think surfing actually embraces bodyboarding much more now , because it 's not really seen as competition -- we 're something totally different , " he says .
 " We 're surfing our own waves and we 've got our own industry . "
 The revamped world tour now showcases the sport at surf breaks that suit the craft .
 Shark Island is one of the best examples of this , the shallow rock bottom creating a warping barrel with an ideal end section which allows them to launch into aerial manoeuvres .
 The contest site in Chile is similar , though a true peak that barrels both ways .
 Then there is Hawaii 's Pipeline , the ideal of perfection whether you 're standing up or lying down .
 Portugal is the exception on the tour , a playful beach break , but it retains its status on the tour due to the carnival atmosphere that the sport attracts in Europe , as well as in South America .
 In Australia , the majority of top pros tend to remain nameless outside the sport 's domain ; in Europe they are feted like rock gods , mobbed by adoring fans wherever they go .
 The organisers of the world tour -- now chaired by Mr Bodyboarding himself , Mike Stewart -- say they are n't done yet with their expansion , but they 're certainly got the sport on its feet ... so to speak .
 But for now the eyes of the bodyboarding world are again squinting out towards the chunk of lava that lies submerged off the North Shore of Oahu .
 Mixed results on tour this year have Ben Player trailing on points in the race for the championship title , but he 's been in Hawaii for two months honing his act in preparation for his world title defence in mid-to-late January .
 If the waves stay away and the top pros had to vote their champion in , you could count on Player power winning the day .
 Bilje is a village and municipality on the outskirts of nature park Kopački Rit in the region of Baranja , Osijek-Baranja County , Croatia , situated 8 km northeast of Osijek .
 Its name derived from the Slavic word " bilje " ( " herb " in English ) .
 Chief occupations among the population are farming , livestock breeding and food processing ( a mill ) .
 The manor with the park represents the major tourist attraction ; the park is protected as a horticultural monument .
 The neighbouring village of Mece is the centre of one of the oldest industrial-agricultural cooperative farms in Europe Belje .
 Kopački Rit , situated at the confluence of the Drava and the Danube , the unique preserved wetland area in this part of Europe is not far from Mece .
 The area surrounding Kopački Rit offers rich hunting grounds for high game ( deer in particular ) and equally opulent fishing grounds .
 Bilka is a Danish chain of hypermarkets .
 The first store opened in 1970 in Tilst , a suburb of Aarhus .
 The chain was founded by Herman Salling , but is now a part of Dansk Supermarked .
 The name Bilka is believed by many to be a mix of the German Billiges Kaufhaus ( low-price department store ) , which its founder , Herman Salling had encountered during his business trips to West Germany .
 However , Herman Salling has himself stated that Bilka is a combination of the words bil ( car ) and ka ( can ) , referring to the car accessibility to the stores .
 William James Atessis was born July 16 , 1949 , in Houston , Texas and is a former American football player who played on two NCAA national championship teams at The University of Texas .
 One of the most honored and productive defensive ends in NCAA history , he was a three-year starter and was second-team All-America as a junior who was a consensus All-American as a senior .
 He currently resides in Phoenix , Arizona .
 Attended James High School , in Houston .
 Graduated in 1967 .
 He was a Texas All-State tackle in 1966 Atessis was the state 's number one lineman in the recruiting class of 1967 .
 He was an all-around athlete who excelled in football , baseball , and basketball .
 He was inducted to the Texas High School Sports Hall of Fame in 1995 .
 In 1996 was named as one of the best lineman in the history of Texas high school football , ranking second on the Houston Chronicle list .
 Atessis was a member of teams which set school record 30-game winning streak that currently stands as the twelfth-longest in NCAA history and was a three-year letterman and three year starter at left defensive end .
 Including two years as a starter on the back-to-back National Champion Texas Longhorns teams of 1969 and 1970 .
 Was voted Longhorn Defensive MVP by the Dallas Morning News and Houston Post both in 1969 and 1970 .
 The Longhorns also won three consecutive Southwest Conference championships and appeared in three consecutive Cotton Bowl games , winning two during that time .
 Was a consensus 1st Team All-American in 1970 and was second team All-American in 1969 . in 1970 he was voted Southwest Conference Co-Lineman of the Year ( with Arkansas All-American Defensive end , Dick Bumpas ) .
 Consensus All-SWC choice in 1969 and 1970 Also was a finalist for Outland Trophy and finished fifth in the voting for the UPI Lineman of the Year , both in 1970 .
 Played in the Senior Bowl in Mobile , Alabama , in January 1971 .
 Is a member , University of Texas Men 's Athletics Hall of Honor , being voted in in 2001 .
 Texas Coach Darrell Royal called him a , " Super player , who has n't played a bad game in three years . "
 Played in the Coaches ' All-America Game in Lubbock , Texas , June 28 , 1971 .
 Singled out for his " tremendous game " by the Odessa American as worthy of the player of the game award
 Played in what has been called " The Game of the Century " between # 1 Texas and # 2 Arkansas on December 6 , 1970 , with the Longhorns winning 15-14 .
 In 2005 was named to the All-Time University of Texas team by the Austin American-Statesman and was named to the Red River Rivalry All-time team by the Fort Worth Star-Telegram , also in 2005 .
 In 2006 he was named number 16 on a list of the 50 best names in Texas Longhorn history
 Was highly regarded after a stellar collegiate career .
 Was drafted by the NFL Champion Baltimore Colts .
 Was injured in training camp and released in mid-season .
 Played defensive end for the Patriots in 1971 .
 Asked to drop weight and move to outside linebacker , a position he had never played .
 Left camp in July 1972 , and was dealt to the St. Louis Cardinals .
 Was moved to offensive line there and asked to gain back the weight he lost to play linebacker .
 Was injured again and released by Cards .
 Signed as a defensive tackle by the Jets for the 1973 season yet was cut in training camp .
 NFL saga of an All-American
 William Mailes " Cowboy " Cowley ( born June 12 , 1912 in Bristol , Quebec - died December 31 , 1993 ) was a Canadian professional hockey center who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League for the St. Louis Eagles and Boston Bruins .
 After a few seasons of senior league play in Ottawa and Halifax , Cowley broke in as a rookie with the St. Louis Eagles in 1933-34 .
 After the season , the franchise was terminated and Art Ross , the general manager of the Bruins , selected him in the subsequent dispersal draft .
 In Boston he would become a star , leading the league in assists in 1939 ( despite missing twelve games with injuries ) , 1941 and 1943 , and helping to lead the Bruins to two Stanley Cups in 1938-1939 and 1941 .
 While World War II ravaged the Bruins ' powerful roster thereafter -- Boston would not win another Cup during his career -- Cowley was the team 's sole remaining star .
 Frequently injured , he was on track to shatter the league record for scoring in 1944 when another injury ended his season two points short .
 Cowley finished his career with 195 goals and 353 assists for 548 points in 549 NHL games .
 At the time of his retirement in 1947 , he was the NHL 's all-time leading point scorer , and the last active player from the St. Louis Eagles roster .
 After his career , Cowley went on to coach in the Ottawa senior leagues and the Vancouver Canucks of the PCHL .
 He also helped found the Ottawa 67s as a part-owner in 1967 .
 He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1968 .
 In 1998 , he was ranked number 53 on The Hockey News list of the 100 Greatest Hockey Players .
 Bishop Garrigan High School is a private , Roman Catholic high school in Algona , Iowa .
 It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City .
 The school is named after Bishop Phillip Joseph Garrigan , the 2nd Bishop of the Diocese of Sioux City .
 The school was opened in 1959 to serve as a regional high school for 5 parishes .
 Blue Winds Dancing ( 1938 ) is by Tom Whitecloud .
 The story stands out in contemporary literature for its acceptance , lyrical prose , vivid imagery , and social observations .
 Blue Winds Dancing is the story of a young native American trapped living between two worlds , as a college and a part of contemporary " white " society , as well as an Indian , a member of an ancient society .
 The Boilerhouse Boys is the stage name of the duo Ben Wolff and Andy Dean , British record producers , remixers , DJs , songwriters , and soundtrack composers .
 Bontnewydd is an unstaffed halt on the narrow gauge Welsh Highland Railway .
 The halt was opened in February 1999 on the petition of the villagers of Bontnewydd and is between Caernarfon and Dinas on the Lô Eifion cycle route .
 The train services are operated by the Ffestiniog Railway Company .
 Boultham is a village in Lincolnshire , England .
 The Brain Injury Rehabilitation Trust ( BIRT ) is a provider of specialist brain injury rehabilitation in the UK .
 They support people to regain lost skills and independence and rebuild their lives following acquired brain injury , caused typically by road accident , assault , stroke or disease .
 They offer a range of services to meet the needs of people at different stages of rehabilitation - including assessment , intensive rehabilitation , continuing rehabilitation , and community-based support .
 BIRT is a division of The Disabilities Trust , which provides services to people with physical impairments , autism and learning disabilities , as well as brain injury .
 Brampton City Council is the governing body for the City of Brampton , Ontario .
 It consists of the Mayor of Brampton , currently Susan Fennell , five elected regional councillors and five elected city councillors .
 Each councillor represents two city wards .
 Listed as regional councillor , city councillor
 Brandhorst is a municipality in the southeast area of the district Wittenberg in Saxony-Anhalt , Germany .
 The municipality is a part of the administrative municipality of Wörlitze Winkel , which has a seat in the city of Oranienbau .
 Brensbach is a municipality in the Odenwaldkreis district , in Hesse , Germany .
 It connected with the Portland and Ogdensburg Railroad ( later Maine Central Railroad Mountain Division ) from Portland , Maine , to St. Johnsbury , Vermont , near the town of Hiram on the Saco River .
 B&SR design was based on experience of the Sandy River Railroad .
 Hinkley Locomotive Works modified their 2-foot gauge Forney design to run boiler first with an extended frame similar to that installed on Sandy River Railroad # 1 following a wreck in early 1882 .
 The successful design of the Bridgton Hinkleys was subsequently repeated for the Monson Railroad and the Franklin and Megantic Railway .
 Construction began in 1882 , and trains were running to Bridgton by early 1883 .
 B&SR used early profits to replace wooden trestles with earthen fills .
 A 14-foot granite masonry arch was constructed over Hancock Brook in 1895 . track was extended to Harrison with 35 # steel rails in 1898 .
 Trestles on the Harrison extension had been replaced by earthen fills and plate girder bridges by 1906 .
 Original Hinkley locomotives # 1-2 were replaced by # 5-6 of an improved design with pilot wheels .
 B&SR then replaced the original 30 # steel rails from Bridgton Junction to Bridgton with 48 # and 50 # steel rails from 1907 to 1910 before Maine Central Railroad secured control of the B&SR in 1912 .
 Under Maine Central operation , there were 4 mixed train round trips daily from Harrison to Bridgton Junction and return .
 The first left Harrison at 5:15 AM and the last returned to Harrison at 8:45 PM .
 Train speed seldom exceeded 20 miles per hour .
 Two passenger train sets were required for this service .
 The first consisted of baggage # 10 , RPO # 25 , and one or two coaches .
 A couple of bench seats at one end of baggage-RPO # 11 provided smoking accommodation for the second train set .
 Freight traffic in 1913 was 18% outbound lumber , 15% outbound pulpwood , 15% inbound coal , 11% outbound apples and canned corn , 11% manufactured goods , 10% feed & grain , 10% express , and 2% inbound petroleum products .
 Locomotive # 8 was the last locomotive built for the Maine 2-foot gauge railways .
 Bond interest went unpaid in 1926 , and the town of Bridgton began a 15-year effort to preserve their railroad .
 The B&SR was reorganized as the Bridgton and Harrison ; but the extension to Harrison was dismantled after locomotive # 8 tipped over when the 35 # rails sagged in 1930 .
 Locomotive # 8 was the heaviest locomotive on any 2-foot gauge railway in Maine .
 B&SR became a tourist attraction as the last 2-foot gauge railroad offering passenger service in the late 1930 's .
 Operation ceased in September 1941 .
 The rolling stock was preserved when the rails were converted to scrap metal as the United States prepared for World War II .
 The rolling stock was moved to Massachusetts for another half-century of operation on the Edaville Railroad after the war .
 There are still signs of the B&SR evident in a few places if one searches carefully for them .
 Milepost 0 : Bridgton Junction - Interchange yard with the Portland and Ogdensburg ( later Maine Central Railroad Mountain Division . )
 Agent 's station shared with Maine Central Railroad .
 B&SR had 6 northbound spurs plus a turntable with a single-stall enginehouse .
 The freight house spur was dual gauge , and there was a second dual gauge spur for loading and unloading narrow gauge-equipment on standard-gauge cars .
 There was no runaround track ; so southbound B&SR locomotives uncoupled their train on the main line , moved into the yard , threw a turnout , and let their train roll past them into the yard by gravity to avoid being trapped at the end of the spur .
 Milepost 0.8 : Scribner 's - southbound spur .
 Milepost 1 : granite masonry arch over Hancock Brook .
 Milepost 1.2 : Small 's
 Milepost 2.0 : Rankin 's Mill - small flag stop passenger shelter .
 Milepost 2.7 : Mullen Siding - northbound spur .
 Milepost 3 : Summit - highest point on the railroad .
 Milepost 4 : Fill over the north end of Barker pond with granite masonry abutments for a short timber stringer span on the boundary between Hiram and the town of Sebago .
 Milepost 4.4 : Twin Lake - small flag stop passenger shelter .
 Milepost 5.4 : Gravel Pit - northbound spur .
 Milepost 7 : The Notch - a rock cut .
 Milepost 7.2 : West Sebago - southbound spur with small flag stop passenger shelter .
 Milepost 7.5 : Water Tank Siding - passing siding adjacent to Hancock Pond .
 The main line ran between Hancock Pond and B&SR superintendent Joseph Bennett 's lakeside cottage a short distance south of the covered water tank .
 Milepost 9.0 : Perley 's Mills - southbound spur with small flag stop passenger shelter .
 Milepost 10.5 : Ingall 's Road - southbound spur with small flag stop passenger shelter .
 Milepost 11.3 : Kennett 's - southbound spur .
 Milepost 12.1 : South Bridgton - southbound spur with small flag stop passenger shelter .
 Milepost 13 : high fill with granite masonry abutments for a short timber stringer span over Willett Brook .
 Milepost 13.5 : Sandy Creek - agent 's station with passing siding serving a sawmill .
 Milepost 15.8 : Bridgton - had the largest population of any village served by the Maine 2-foot gauge railroads .
 The yard was on the stub of a wye with branches to Harrison and Bridgton Junction .
 There were 2 storage sidings and 4 spurs serving the agent 's station , a separate freight house , a team track , an oil distributor , a grain store , the B&SR shop , and a turntable with a 4-stall enginehouse .
 Milepost 15.9 : Farmers Market - two northbound spurs ( one was a coal trestle . )
 Milepost 16.4 : Forest Mills -- passing siding with a northbound coal trestle spur .
 Milepost 19.5 : North Bridgton - agent 's station with passing siding serving a separate freight house .
 Milepost 20.7 : Harrison - agent 's station with a passing siding and several southbound spurs serving a freight house , a cannery , a grain store , a 2-track car shed , and a turntable with a single-stall enginehouse .
 Baggage car # 10 later renumbered # 31
 Baggage car # 11 later renumbered # 30
 Coach # 18 purchased from Wiscasset , Waterville and Farmington Railway in 1911 .
 RPO # 25 was badly damaged in a collision with locomotive # 7 in the Bridgton yard about 1927 .
 The larger smoking compartment was rebuilt to carry express with a single baggage door on only one side of the car ; and the smaller RPO compartment was rebuilt with a few seats to carry passengers .
 The car was sold for use as a restaurant in 1935 .
 The appearance of locomotive # 7 was permanently changed by replacement of a smaller number plate on the front of the boiler .
 Flat cars # 2-13 were the largest flat cars on any 2-foot gauge railway in Maine .
 Flat car # 21 was fitted with a 3,000 gallon oil tank for the Standard Oil Company of New York in 1920 .
 The tank was later transferred to flat car # 14 when # 21 was scrapped .
 Flat car # 22 was fitted with a 2,500 gallon oil tank for the Standard Oil Company in 1901 .
 Cars # 22 and # 21/14 were the only 2-foot gauge tank cars in Maine .
 Flat cars # 35 , 38 , and 41-42 were rebuilt by B&SR to a length of 28 feet when they required repairs .
 Flat car # 40 was rebuilt as a flanger .
 Box cars # 56-58 had two small hinged doors on either side which could be opened as windows when transporting livestock .
 Box cars # 59-62 were the first 30-foot freight cars built for any 2-foot gauge railroad in Maine .
 Box cars # 71-73 were the largest box cars on any 2-foot gauge railway in Maine .
 The British Columbia Institute of Technology ( BCIT ) is an institute of technology in Burnaby , British Columbia .
 It provides full - and part-time polytechnic education leading to certificates , diplomas , bachelor 's degrees and master 's degrees in technologies and trades .
 Dr. Verna Magee-Shepherd is Acting President of the Institute .
 Dr. Don Wright will join BCIT as President in March , 2008 .
 In addition to the main Burnaby campus , it has a campus in downtown Vancouver , a marine campus in North Vancouver , an aerospace and technology campus in Richmond , and a number of small satellite campuses .
 It is also a partner in the Masters of Digital Media program run by Great Northern Way Campus Ltd , and rents training space there with several other institutions .
 BCIT provides the majority of apprenticeship training in the province of British Columbia .
 Approximately 16,000 full-time and 40,000 part-time students enroll each year , with over 100,000 alumni .
 BCIT has over 1,400 full-time faculty and staff and more than 600 part-time faculty and staff .
 BCIT has six Schools providing full-time and part-time studies in a variety of subjects .
 BCIT also has a Technology Centre which undertakes and coordinates applied research , and provides technology transfer and commercialization assistance .
 William Herbert " Buckshot " May ( December 13 , 1899 -- March 15 , 1984 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who appeared in one game for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1924 .
 The 24-year-old right-hander stood 6 ' 2 " and weighed 169 lbs .
 On May 9 , 1924 , May came in to pitch the top of the 9th inning in a home game against the Boston Braves at Forbes Field .
 He pitched a scoreless inning , with one strikeout , but the Pirates lost 10-7 .
 His lifetime ERA stands at 0.00 .
 His manager was future Hall of Famer Bill McKechnie .
 Other notable teammates who would one day be members of the Baseball Hall of Fame were Max Carey , Kiki Cuyler , Rabbit Maranville , and Pie Traynor .
 May died in his hometown of Bakersfield , California at the age of 84 .
 Bullocks to Stan is an episode of the animated television show American Dad ! .
 At the CIA fair , Hayley gets into an argument with Director Avery Bullock .
 Stan believes that this will destroy his chance for a promotion .
 The next morning , Stan arrives at Bullock 's house after running some errands for him , but discovers that Bullock slept with Hayley .
 Stan is against it at first ; however , Bullock says that he can get the promotion he wanted .
 Francine is against the relationship and Stan tries to make a man out of Hayley 's ex-boyfriend Jeff ( whom Hayley broke-up with because he agrees on everything ) .
 Jeff and Hayley get back together , and Hayley breaks-up with Bullock .
 Bullock then tells Stan to kill Jeff , and when they go to the woods to do it , Jeff gets away with Stan 's SUV .
 At a diner , Bullock calls Hayley a slut , which offends Stan , and the two CIA men get into a lengthy fist-fight ( with some audio-commentary from Klaus ) .
 Bullock then claims that this was all a test to see if Stan would stand up for his nation and family ( though this seems not to be the case ) , stating he will give him the promotion .
 Meanwhile , Steve finds Dick Cheney 's BlackBerry , which contains information on the secret White House bunker , Halliburton bunker and Satan ( as well as phone numbers to various politicians such as Tony Blair ) .
 Steve and Roger begin making prank calls to the world leaders , but then they all * 69 the two .
 This is a blow to Patrick Stewart 's character of Captain Jean-Luc Picard ; Bullock is voiced by Patrick Stewart .
 However , Seth MacFarlane and crew believe Picard was a far better captain of the starship Enterprise .
 Cal Anderson Park is a public park on Seattle , Washington 's Capitol Hill that includes Lincoln Reservoir and Bobby Morris Playfield .
 The north end of the open park features a large mountain-shaped water fountain feeding a shallow texture pool , a reflecting pool , and a wading pool .
 The south end features the lighted Bobby Morris Playfield .
 The wading pool operates in the summer months from 12 noon to 7 p.m .
 Lincoln Reservoir was begun in 1889 and completed in 1901 .
 A parcel just south of it was named Lincoln Park the same year .
 In 1908 it was developed as a playfield , and in 1922 its name was changed to Broadway Playfield so as not to duplicate the name of the new Lincoln Park in West Seattle .
 The playfield was named after Bobby Morris , former King County , Washington auditor , in 1980 .
 Meanwhile , the area around the reservoir had come to be known as Lincoln Reservoir Park .
 On April 10 , 2003 , the entire area was designated Cal Anderson Park after Washington 's first openly gay state legislator .
 Anderson had died in 1995 of AIDS .
 Rebuilding of the reservoir to convert it from open-air to covered started in April 2003 and lasted through summer 2005 .
 The north west corner of Cal Anderson Park ( at the corner of East Denny Way and Nagle Place ) is designated to contain an entrance to the underground Capitol Hill Station of Sound Transit 's Link Light Rail .
 CALOI is a major Brazilian manufacturer of bicycles and bicycle equipment , based in São Paulo .
 Caloi was founded in 1898 by Italian immigrant Luigi Caloi and his brother-in-law , Agenor Poletti .
 In the 1960s , Caloi achieved some popularity producing folding bicycles .
 In 1972 , Caloi introduced the Caloi 10 , which became a cultural landmark and established the name Caloi in Brazil .
 In 1990 Caloi started the operations of its US subsidiary in Jacksonville , Florida .
 Caloi was directed by the Caloi family from 1898 to 1999 .
 When Luigi Caloi died in 1924 , the company changed its name from Casa Luiz Caloi ( portuguese for House of Luiz Caloi ) to Casa Irmãos Caloi ( portuguese for Houseof Caloi Brothers ) , directed by Luigi 's sons Guido , Henrique and José Pedro .
 In 1928 , Henrique and José Pedr left the company , and Caloi was directed by Guido Caloi alone .
 In 1948 , the company changed its name to Indústria e Comércio de Bicicletas Caloi S .
 Guido died in 1955 , and the company was directed by his son Bruno Caloi until 1999 .
 In 1999 , the Caloi family sold the majority of Caloi 's voting shares to Edson Vaz Musa .
 Bruno Caloi , who was the president of the CBC ( the Brazilian Cycling Confederation ) for many years , died in October , 2006 .
 Caloi currently manufactures a broad range of bicycles , including Mountain Bikes , Comfort Bikes , BMX and Racing Bicycles .
 " Cancer for the Cure " is a single released by American rock band , Eels .
 This tracks comes off their 1998 album , Electro-Shock Blues .
 It also features in the soundtrack to the 1999 film , American Beauty .
 Candace Savage ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian writer .
 Born in Peace River country in Alberta , she attended the University of Alberta .
 A frequent contributor numerous periodicals , including Canadian Geographic , a selection of her magazine articles was colleted in Curious by Nature ( 2005 ) .
 Savage lives in Saskatchewan .
 Candie Payne ( born 1983 ) is an English singer-songwriter from Liverpool , signed as a solo artist to Deltasonic .
 She is the sister of Howie Payne , the frontman of now defunct band The Stands and Sean Payne , the drummer of The Zutons .
 Payne sings 60s-inspired pop .
 Soul singers Minnie Riperton and Roberta Flack are among her influences .
 " She insists on ' a clean sound ' , has banned backing vocals and says her pet hate is ' over-singing ' . "
 The capture gun , also called a dart gun , is an invention which was refined by a team headed by Dr Tony Pooley and Dr Toni Harthoorn in Kenya in the early 1960 's .
 Since then it has become the standard tool for capture of large and medium-sized animals to transport them safely .
 The original piston-operated medium-bore gun fired a tranquilizer dart which is a syringe which was loaded with a dose of barbiturate and / or other drugs , backed by a ball bearing which was separated from the drug mix with a wadding .
 On impact with the animal the inertial momentum of the balls injects the drug into the animal , causing torpor and prostration within minutes .
 Because of the power of the drugs the handlers then have to move quickly to secure the animal for transport , monitor its vital signs , protect its eyes and ears , and then inject reversing drugs when needed .
 Many large animals are acutely sensitive to stress and can easily die without careful treatment .
 One major discovery by Dr Harthoorn 's team was that different species , despite being of roughly equal size ( for example the rhinoceros and the buffalo ) needed very different doses and spectra of drugs to safely immobilise them .
 In some species the margin of error is very small indeed .
 Modern capture guns are gas-fired and collapsible .
 Several models are available .
 " Diamond " Carlo Citrone is a British professional poker player and commentator , based in Newcastle upon Tyne .
 Citrone was raised in Whitley Bay by his father John Citrone , a fifteen-time world bodybuilding champion and supplier of sports nutrition products .
 Whilst still a teenager , Citrone opened a gymnasium in North Shields and met Sunderland A.F.C. footballer Dave Buchanan , with whom he bought a health club in Redcar .
 The health club went on to become part of a successful chain and was sold , leaving Citrone ( who was suffering from insomnia ) in need of a new challenge .
 He found this in poker and began playing tournaments at the Stanley Casino in Newcastle .
 He began playing in 2001 and has won tournaments in Walsall , Melbourne , Luton and London ( where he won the £500 no limit hold'em event of the 200 British Open , defeating Lucy Rokach in the heads-up confrontation .
 His major tournament money finishes include two World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) final tables and 2nd place in the £500 no limit hold'em event at the 2002 European Poker Championships .
 Citrone also appeared in the Late Night Poker television series ( series 5 , episode 7 ) where he finished 3rd , behind Dave Colclough and Charalambos " Bambos " Xanthos .
 In 2004 , Citrone was sentenced to two years in prison for smuggling 2,700,000 cigarettes .
 Citrone denied his involvement , indicating that the person responsible was a fellow poker player .
 Citrone however , refused to go on record and implicate the poker player in question who was a father and a friend .
 Citrone eventually served approximately twelve months for the offence and was ordered to pay some £370,000 as part of a Confiscation Order ordered in favour of the Crown .
 Due to Citrone 's instructed lawyer , young up and coming poker player Brandon Chik , Citrone was allowed to pay far less than this amount .
 He also appeared in the 2005 World Speed Poker Open , finishing 4th in his heat .
 Citrone is known for taking his time over decisions and entered the speed poker event for the extra challenge .
 Citrone is also a regular commentator on The Poker Channel , alongside Gary Jones .
 Currently he is an analyst on Sky Vegas Poker ( channel 846 )
 As of 2007 his total live tournament winnings exceed $670,000 .
 He has one daughter , Angelina , born in December 2004 .
 Carl Heinrich Georg ( es ) von Heyden ( 20 January 1793 Frankfurt -- 7 July 1866 ) was a German Senator and entomologist .
 He collected insects in all Orders but was especially interested in Coleoptera , Microlepidoptera , Hymenoptera , Diptera and fossil insects .His collections are divided between the German Entomological Institute and the Senckenberg Museum .
 Carmen Cavallaro ( May 6 , 1913 -- October 12 , 1989 ) was an American pianist born in New York .
 He established himself as one of the most accomplished and admired light music pianists of his generation .
 Known as the " Poet of the Piano " , Carmen Cavallaro showed a gift for music from age 3 , picking out tunes on a toy piano .
 His parents were encouraged by a friend to develop the child 's musical talents and he studied classical piano in the United States .
 As a young pianist , he toured Europe performing in many capitals .
 In 1933 , Cavallaro joined the jazz band of Al Kavelin , where he quickly became the featured soloist .
 After four years he switched to a series of other big bands , including Rudy Vallee 's in 1937 .
 He also worked briefly with Enrico Madriguera and Abe Lyman .
 Starting his own band , a five-piece combo , in St. Louis in 1939 , his popularity grew and his group expanded into a 14-piece orchestra , releasing some 19 albums for Decca over the years .
 Although his band traveled the country and played in all the top spots , he made a particular impact at the Mark Hopkins Hotel in San Francisco , which became a favourite venue , and which many years later , was to be re-visited in the same way by George Shearing and Mel Tormé .
 Other venues where he drew large and devoted audiences included New York 's Waldorf-Astoria , Chicago 's Palmer House and the Los Angeles ' Coconut Grove .
 In 1963 , he had a million seller hit with the song Sukiyaki .
 Cavallaro developed a piano style of glittering and rippling arpeggios to augment his melody , which was often arranged in thick and lush triple and quadruple octave chords .
 His musical interests and arrangements included dance music , particularly Latin rhythms , tangos and strict tempo dancing styles , as well as some pop and jazz arrangements of classical melodies .
 In this , he is often cited as being influenced by pianist Eddy Duchin .
 Liberace was greatly influenced by both Cavallaro and Duchin .
 All three shared a propensity for arranging classical piano themes in a pop idiom .
 Cavallaro also became famous through the medium of radio and film , firstly with his regular program on NBC during the 1940 's , The Schaeffer Parade , of which he was the host and later in films where he played himself , starting with Hollywood Canteen ( 1944 ) , then Diamond Horseshoe ( 1945 ) and Out of This World ( 1945 ) .
 His most celebrated film achievement was playing the piano music for actor Tyrone Power 's hands to mime , in The Eddy Duchin Story ( 1956 ) .
 Carmen Cavallaro died from cancer on 10th December in 1989 in Columbus , Ohio .
 Carter Anthony Beauford ( born November 2 , 1957 in Charlottesville , Virginia ) is a drummer , percussionist , and founding member of the Dave Matthews Band ( DMB ) .
 He is known for his ability to mix together countless percussion styles , his ambidextrous approach to playing , and is highly regarded for his open hand drumming style , where his left hand leads on the hi-hat and ride cymbal in a conventional right-handed drumset set-up .
 Beauford was exposed to sandbox and drumming at the age of three .
 At the time , his father had bought tickets to a Buddy Rich concert and could not find someone to watch his son , so he took young Carter along to the show .
 Carter was mesmerized by Buddy Rich on stage .
 After that show , Carter 's father bought his son a tin drum set with paper heads since Carter showed much interest in learning the instrument .
 Carter began playing his first professional gigs when he was nine .
 Eventually , he joined Secrets , a Richmond -based jazz fusion band .
 Other members included saxophonist LeRoi Moore , trumpeter John D'Earth , vocalist Dawn Thompson , keyboardist Butch Taylor , and guitarist Tim Reynolds .
 Secrets would perform throughout Virginia , often at Miller's , the bar in Charlottesville where Dave Matthews worked as a bartender .
 Carter also played in Blue Indigo with LeRoi Moore , Sal Soghoian , and George Melvin .
 A driving Jazz band , Blue Indigo performed regularly at Tokyo Rose and Miller's , and was featured at the Delaware Water Gap Jazz Festival .
 Eventually , Dave approached both Carter and LeRoi regarding some music he had written that he wished to record .
 Upon listening , Beauford agreed , thus establishing his permanent status as DMB drummer .
 Has a daughter named Breana Symone from his first marriage .
 With his second wife , Karen , he has two children : a daughter , Nadja Angelique Beauford born October 5th 2001 and a son Marcus Carrington Beauford born in December 2004 .
 Beauford has also contributed to other artists on side projects including work with Vertical Horizon , Carlos Santana , John Popper ( Blues Traveler ) , and Victor Wooten ( Bela Fleck and the Flecktones ) .
 Cary Towne Center is a shopping mall in Cary , North Carolina .
 It is managed by CBL & Associates Properties .
 Cary Village Mall opened in 1979 with Ivey 's and Hudson Belk as anchors .
 In 1991 , the mall expanded , adding a food court and three new anchors : Thalhimer's , JC Penney , and Sears , and was renamed Cary Towne Center .
 Dillard 's was added a year later , replacing the original Ivey 's store which had been a tenant since 1979 .
 Thalhimer 's became Hecht 's in 1992 , which became Macy 's in 2006 .
 The official spelling for the mall is " Cary Towne Center . "
 However , it 's not uncommon to see it spelled " Cary Town Center " or " Cary Towne Centre . "
 It is also referred to by its former name , Cary Village Mall .
 CBS Cable was an early cable network operated by CBS , Inc. , dedicated to the lively arts ( i.e. symphony , dance , theatre , opera , etc . ) .
 It debuted in October 1981 and ceased operations on December 17 , 1982 .
 CBS Cable was a personal project of CBS founder William Paley , who hoped it would blaze a trail for cultural programming in the then-emerging cable television medium .
 Its program offerings were ambitious and often critically praised .
 Nevertheless the network struggled , and ultimately failed , largely because of the reluctance of many cable systems across the United States to give it carriage , limiting severely its ability to attract both viewers and advertisers for its costly lineup of programming .
 Cable systems in the early 1980s had far more limited channel capacity than they do today ( usually only a few dozen channels in most cities ) .
 CBS Cable was competing for channel space by appealing to a select and relatively small upscale audience , while other networks coming on line at the same time such as MTV and ESPN promised larger and more broad-based viewership and therefore got cable operators to carry them far more easily .
 MTV and ESPN thrived and gave rise to additional companion channels within a short time , while the CBS Cable channel folded after just over 14 months in operation .
 Not to be confused with the CBS-operated cable network , Eye On People , which debuted in 1997 and soon turned into Discovery People , ultimately reorganized into Discovery Times .
 The Centennial Convention Hall is located in Hayward , California and is part of the Hayward City Center district of Hayward .
 Centennial Tower and PlazaCenter are next door .
 The City Of Hayward opened Centennial Hall in honor of its 100th Birthday .
 It was the former gym of Hayward Union High .
 Parking is available in a parking garage ( via going through Centennial Tower ) or a parking deck located above Safeway .
 Today , it is a convention center with 14,000 square feet of exhibit space and a capacity of up to 1,500 for events including conventions , trade shows , banquets and other special events .
 There are also eight meeting rooms totaling 11,448 square feet and a 1,280-square-foot patio .
 Cesaroni Design Associates is a design consultancy based in Chicago , Illinois , created on August 31 , 1979 , by William C. Cesaroni. Cesaroni Design became the first private Industrial Design office in the Chicago area to offer Computer Aided Design ( CAD ) .
 Currently , Cesaroni Design specializes in industrial design and product development with emphasis on human factors , user interface and brand sensitivity .
 In its 27 year existence Cesaroni Design has completed more fitness equipment projects than any other design firm in the world .
 Cesaroni Design 's project history ranges from medical to consumer goods .
 Major clients include Sub-Zero , Herman Miller , KaVo / Gendex , SHURE and LifeFitness .
 Chad Edward Gaudin ( pronounced go-DAN ) ( born March 24 , 1983 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) is a right-handed starting pitcher for the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball .
 Gaudin attended Crescent City High School in Metairie , Louisiana .
 He earned All-State and district MVP in his junior and senior years .
 Gaudin was selected by the Tampa Bay Devil Rays right out of high school in the 34th round ( 1009th overall pick ) of the 2001 Major League Baseball Draft .
 He signed on August 23 , 2001 and did not play professionally until 2002 .
 He played in Single A in 2002 and recorded a 2.26 ERA which ranked him 10th in all of minor league baseball .
 On July 15 , 2003 , in his first start after getting called up from the Class A California League , Gaudin took the mound in the first game of a doubleheader for the AA Orlando Rays on the road against the Jacksonville Suns and threw a 7-inning perfect game , retiring all 21 batters he faced .
 ( Two 7-inning games is the standard for a doubleheader in most minor leagues ; Major League Baseball would later amend a rule recognizing only efforts of at least nine innings as official perfect games . )
 Gaudin made only two more starts and posted an 0.47 ERA for Orlando before Devil Rays ' Manager Lou Piniella summoned him to the big league club .
 When Gaudin made his major league debut , he had become the youngest Devil Ray in club history at 20 years and 4 months and was the 4th youngest player in the majors .
 After posting a very respectable 2-0 record and 3.60 ERA in 15 appearances ( including 3 starts ) in 2003 for the Devil Rays , he went 1-2 with a 4.85 ERA in 26 appearances ( 4 starts ) in 2004 while splitting time with AAA Durham .
 On December 12 , 2004 , Gaudin was traded to the Toronto Blue Jays for backup catcher Kevin Cash .
 Although he pitched well as a starter at AAA Syracuse , he was just 1-3 with a 13.15 ERA in 5 appearances ( 3 starts ) with the Blue Jays .
 Opponents had batted .470 against him in just 13 innings ( 31 hits ) .
 On December 5 , 2005 , he was traded to the Athletics for a player to be named later , who later turned out to be outfielder Dustin Majewski .
 Gaudin began the 2006 season for the Sacramento River Cats , the Athletics Triple A team .
 He was recalled by the Athletics after posting an 0.37 ERA in 4 starts for the River Cats and pitched in relief for the rest of the season for the big league club .
 In his first season as an Athletic , he posted various career highs and his ERA ( 3.09 ) and opponents batting average were the lowest of his career .
 His inherited runners to score was 20 percent which ranked fourth lowest in the American League .
 In 2007 , Gaudin was converted into a starter again when veteran Esteban Loaiza was on the disabled list to begin the season .
 His excellent performance as a starter in the 2007 season has made him part of the new ' Big Three ' that include Dan Haren and Joe Blanton .
 Chamicuro is a critically endangered indigenous American language spoken by just a pair of aboriginal people in South America .
 The language is of the Chamicuro people who number between 10 and 20 .
 The Chamicuros live on a tributary of the Huallaga river , in Perú , in an area called Pampa Hermosa , meaning beautiful plains .
 As with all native languages in Perú , Chamicuro is by default an official language in the area in which it is spoken .
 A Chamicuro dictionary has been created , however no children can speak the language as they have shifted to Spanish .
 There is controversy in regard to whether Aguano is the same language , which one study ( Ruhlen 1987 ) says it is , but the Chamicuros dispute this ( Wise , 1987 ) , although this may be for cultural reasons and the languages may actually be intelligible but the different peoples do not relate to one another and maintain different names and connotations between their language or languages .
 Champdor is a commune in the French département of Ai .
 Changer les choses ( Change the Things ) is the official debut album by the France -born singer Nâdiy . The album was only released in France on November 5 , 2001 .
 It spawned the French hit singles " Chaque fois " and " J'ai confiance en toi " .
 Both singles charted in the French Singles Chart , but the album failed in France , not charting in the top 200 at all .
 Charan Jeath Singh is a Fiji Indian who has been involved in local Government and national politics in Fiji representing various political organisations .
 In the 1994 general election , he won the Macuata West Indian Communal Constituency for the National Federation Party ( NFP ) .
 He was elected the Mayor of Labasa representing the Ratepayers ' Association in 1992 but in the municiapal elections of 2005 his Association lost in a landslide result to the Fiji Labour Party ( FLP ) , winning only two seats .
 In the 1999 general election he contested the Labasa Indian Communal Constituency for the UNLP but managed to get only 10% of the votes cast .
 Following the death of the sitting member , he contested the Labasa Rural Indian Communal Constituency in December 2003 for the National Federation Party ( NFP ) .
 Although he was unsuccessful , he managed to increase NFP 's share of the votes by 50% .
 In the 2006 general election , he contested the Vanua Levu West Indian Communal Constituency , Fiji ) for the National Alliance Party ( NAPF ) and again lost with only 14% of the votes cast .
 Charlie Gaudion ( born April 14 , 1904 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and North Melbourne in the VFL .
 He was the father of North Melbourne player Michael Gaudion .
 Gaudion was a key position player and began his career in 1926 at Footscray .
 He played with the club for four seasons before moving to the VFA where he signed with Coburg .
 After just a year at Coburg he returned to the league and played with North Melbourne , becoming a regular in their side during the 1930s .
 He was also a regular for Victoria at interstate football , playing every year from 1932 to 1936 , the last as captain .
 In both 1956 and 1957 he coached North Melbourne , many of those games involving his son Michael .
 The Cherche-Midi prison was a prison in Paris , France , that has been closed down and the builing destroyed .
 Famous detainees at the prison include Adolphe Feder , Kurt Gerstein , Henri Honoré d'Estienn d'Orves and Alfred Dreyfus .
 It has been used as a political prison by Germans during the occupation of France from 1940 to 1944 .
 In this prison executions were carried out .
 The Christian Democratic Party of Timor ( Partido Democrata-Cristã de Timor ) is a center-right political party in Eas Timor .
 At the last legislative elections , 30 August 2001 , the party won 0.7 % of the popular vote and 1 out of 88 seats .
 Christopher Bailey is a lecturer of English at the University of Brighton and is an occasional screenwriter for television .
 He wrote the script for the Doctor Who serial Kinda in 1982 .
 This script drew heavily on his own Buddhist faith and incorporated classic Buddhist terms such as dukkha , panna , karuna , devaloka and Mara --- indeed , " the Mara " was the name of the villain of the piece .
 The strength of his script led to Bailey writing a second story for Doctor Who in 1983 .
 This serial , Snakedance , was a sequel to Kinda .
 New script editor Eric Saward requested that Bailey devise another story idea , but neither the submitted outlines for May Time ( later renamed Manwatch ) nor The Children of Seth were taken further .
 As a result , the two Mara scripts were Bailey 's final broadcast work for both Doctor Who and television in general and he returned to a career in academia .
 Christopher Penley ( born circa 1990 --- January 15 2006 ) was a 15-year-old U.S. schoolboy who was shot by a SWAT team on January 13 , 2006 --- and died of his injuries --- after he had briefly taken another student hostage in a classroom and then later holed himself up in an outdoor bathroom at Milwee Middle School in Longwood , Florida , with an Airsoft gun painted entirely black to disguise it as a Beretta 9mm .
 After the gun was discovered by a fellow student , he forced the student into the closet and shut off the lights in the classroom .
 The student immediately fled and informed security , who called the police .
 SWAT arrived on the scene shortly thereafter , while a negotiator attempted to initiate contact with Penley .
 After a twenty minute stand-off he aimed the pistol at Lieutenant Michael Weippert , who responded by opening fire .
 He was transported to Orlando Regional Medical Center where he remained on life support for two days before succumbing to his wounds .
 A number of his organs were removed and used as transplants .
 Seminole County Sheriff Don Eslinger said the boy was suicidal and would not respond to negotiators who tried to talk him down in the bathroom .
 Some students at the school told the media after the incident that they knew he had " something planned " .
 Police have been criticized for initiating action instead of waiting for Penley 's father to arrive so that his father might talk him out of the situation .
 The Orlando Sentinel reported that Ralph Penley was not told of events until after his son was shot .
 The Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigated the shooting and found it entirely justified , as Penley pointed a weapon at the deputy .
 Christopher Penley 's organs were donated by his family .
 Chris Penley 's death gave 9 people vital organs .
 Christopher Penley has also had a game room at the Landmark Church dedicated to him and a Youth center .
 The youth center the Adolescent Life Coaching Center ( adolescentlifecoaching.com ) opened in honor of Christopher Penley 's memory and to give a place for the voice of youth to be heard .
 Circuit Park Zandvoort is a motorsport race track located in the dunes near the town of Zandvoort , in the Netherlands , near the North Sea coast line .
 Although there were plans for races at Zandvoort before World War II , the first street race was held on June 3 , 1939 .
 A real circuit was not built until after the war , mainly designed by John Hugenholtz .
 The circuit was inaugurated on August , 7 , 1948 .
 Next year , in 1949 the circuit hosted the Zandvoort Grand Prix .
 It remained on the F1 calendar for 30 out of the next 34 years .
 The company that commercially ran the circuit ( CENAV ) went out of business , marking the end of Circuit Zandvoort .
 The track , owned by the municipality of Zandvoort , was not used for some time and part of the grounds and approximately half of the track was sold in 1987 to Vendorado , a Bungalow park developer at that time .
 A plan to save the remaining track was made by a group of people and companies .
 In 1995 , CPZ got the " A Status " of the Dutch government and began building an international Grand Prix Circuit .
 One of the major events that is currently held at the circuit , along with DTM and A1GP , is the BP Ultimate Masters of Formula 3 , where Formula 3 cars of several national racing series compete with each other ( originally called Marlboro Masters , before tobacco advertising ban ) .
 The most famous corner in the circuit is the Tarzanbocht ( Tarzan corner ) which provides excellent overtaking opportunities .
 This corner is reportedly named after a local character who had earned the nickname of Tarzan and only wanted to give up his vegetable garden in the dunes if the track 's designers named a nearby corner after him .
 On the other hand , many different stories about Tarzan Corner are known .
 Circuit Park Zandvoort played host to the first race in the 2006/07 season of A1 Grand Prix from 29 September - 1 October 2006 .
 In the history of the circuit , several fatal accidents have occurred .
 The older ' Classic ' Zandvoort circuit layout from 1967 is modeled in detail and can be driven in the Grand Prix Legends racing simulation for X86-based pc's .
 This was later converted to NASCAR 4 , NASCAR 2002 , 2003 and other simulations using a converter from website ' The Pits ' .
 The current layout is used in the SimBin game RACE 07 - Official WTCC Game .
 Claire Keim ( born July 8 , 1975 ) is a French actress and singer .
 Keim was born in Senlis , Oise , Picardie to an architect and a dentist .
 She had a relationship with Frédéric Diefenthal , a French actor .
 For other uses see Clarence Dock ( disambiguation )
 The Clarence Dock is a dock , on the River Mersey and part of the Port of Liverpool it is situated in the northern end of the dock system , connected to Salisbury Dock to the north and Trafalgar Dock to the south .
 It was built as a self-contained steamship dock facility .
